
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 13, 2016 Saturday

Group gets $1.7 million for efforts to improve flows in upper Clark Fork

BYLINE: Susan Dunlap, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 346 words


Feb. 13--A conservation group working in the upper Clark Fork River basin got a
$1.7 million grant from a federal agency Friday.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service
announced Friday it is awarding the Deer Lodge-based Watershed Restoration
Coalition with the money. It is to be used to improve water quantity in the
upper Clark Fork.

Ted Dodge, executive director of the WRC, said most of the money will be put
toward the west side ditch near Racetrack Creek, about 15 miles south of Deer
Lodge. Dodge said there are flow issues in that area.

"Low flows in summer cause an issue," Dodge said.

Additional funds may be put toward Warm Springs Creek, about 30 miles south of
Deer Lodge, according to Dodge. Some money may be put toward cutting back
conifers in Brown's Gulch, about 10 miles west of Butte.

Doug Martin, restoration program chief for the state's Natural Resource Damage
Program, said there are about 25 miles of the upper Clark Fork River, from Warm
Springs Ponds to Deer Lodge, where water flow can be lower than 25 cubic feet
per second.

The state is also involved in the work, as are other local conservation groups.

Martin said the work would not begin before 2017.

The low flow issues are largely due to agricultural use. Martin said the grant
enables the conservation groups and the state to work with the agriculture users
to improve flow.

"We're trying to work with those users cooperatively to try to get more water in
that reach," Martin said.

Martin said how the water will be conserved in the ditch is still under
discussion but one possibility could be to put in a pipe, which would improve
water efficiency by preventing it from seeping back into the groundwater in the
ditch.

"From a fishery perspective, getting flow there (in the Clark Fork River) is
important and one of the goals of (the state's) restoration program is to
restore the native fishery," Martin said.

___ (c)2016 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160213-BU-Group-gets-1.7-million-for-efforts-to-improve-flows
-in-upper-Clark-Fork-0213-20160213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2016 The Montana Standard


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Kashmir Monitor (India)

                              May 29, 2012 Tuesday

Omar underlines balance in credit flow, deposits ratios: Omar

LENGTH: 1092 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, May 29 -- Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah Monday asked the Bankers to
strike balance in the credit flow and the deposits ratio to ensure focused
attention on priority sectors like agriculture, MSME, handicrafts, education,
entrepreneurship development and micro credit to give considerable fillip to the
traditional drivers of State's economy.

Addressing the 85th meeting of Jammu and Kashmir State Level Bankers' Committee
(SLBC) here this morning, the Chief Minister said that the growth registered in
the deposits should necessarily reflect its positive impact on the credit flow
to ensure benefits to the people especially in the priority sector.

"When there will be gap between deposits accumulation and credit flow then an
important question arises for bankers to explain. It is also difficult for the
government and the people to understand this hiatus in the process of normal
banking procedure and practice", he said adding that the flight of economy need
to be checked by ensuring investment of deposits within the State itself in
consonance with the targets fixed at SLBC for lending of money to people in the
State.

Making reference to the issuance of Kissan Credit Cards to the farmers, Omar
Abdullah said that noteworthy achievement has not been registered on this
significant front which directly relates to the State's agriculture economy and
the welfare of peasant fraternity. He fixed the target of first week of October
2012 for the Banks to fulfil hundred percent achievement in the issuance of
Kissan Credit Cards to farmers so that they avail the opportunity of taking
loans for agriculture operations.

"You should constitute Sub-Committees to monitor this aspect and the aspect of
lending loans to the priority sectors in a hassle-free manner", he said and also
directed for identifying zonal level nodal banks for ensuring issuance of Kissan
Credit Cards to the farmers. He said artisans, small entrepreneurs and others in
education, micro credit, employment generation and agro allied sectors should be
focused in lending loans to them to flourish their economy.

Citing the case of importance of providing finances to the people associated
with tourism, Omar Abdullah said that the growth of this sector and the
necessity of help for its development can be underlined by the fact that as
against 1.4 lakh visitors visiting the valley during the last year so far,
figure this year has touched to over 4 lakhs in the same period. "Banks have to
play their part in helping the traders in this field to develop befitting
infrastructure and transport facilities. You can advance loans for tourist
vehicles, buses and other transport in this sector also", he added.

Describing handicrafts, tourism, agriculture, horticulture and allied sectors as
traditional economy drivers in the State, Omar Abdullah said that proper credit
flow to these sectors should be the focused area of Bankers. He said that credit
flow from Banks to the housing sector, which has shown remarkable growth during
past some years, should not be at the cost of other priority sectors. "You
cannot create priority within the priority sector", he said stressing on full
target achievement in the priority sector taking care of all fields identify
under this sector.

The Chief Minister also talked about incorporation of modern system of
electronic transfer of benefits to the people down below. He said under MGNREGA
government is launching a pilot project of transferring benefits to the
beneficiaries in 10 districts which will be expanded to other districts
gradually. He asked the Banks to look into this initiative and work out a
feasible strategy.

"In order to achieve the targets full and reach out to the people extensively in
the priority sector, I would like you to revisit your credit plan and reorient
it in accordance with the requirements of people and the sectors identified as
important in the economy of the State", he said adding that Reserve Bank of
India (RBI) should introduce a system of penalizing those banks which show
shortfalls in registering targets they agree and commit to fulfil in SLBC
meetings.

Speaking on the occasion, Minister for Finance, Abdul Rahim Rather said that
while State Government is committed to render all help to the Bankers for their
growth, development and security of assets, it at the same time expects the
Banks to deliver conspicuously on the front of credit flow.

"We observe remarkable growth of the deposits in the Banks but the flow of
credit has shown decline", he said adding that this is the area of concern and
Bankers have to focus on this issue. He told them to adhere to the targets fixed
in SLBCs and come up to the commitments made to people.

Rather said that in a State like Jammu and Kashmir where resources are meagre
and dependence of credit flow is mostly on Banks, the Bankers have to rise to
the occasion and help give necessary fillip to the economy especially in
agriculture and allied sectors identified as priority area in credit flow.

The Minister also impressed upon the bankers to work for achieving the national
benchmark of 18 percent of the total credit for agriculture sector. "This is
imperative to give boost to the rural economy", he said and stressed on
achieving the flow of lending money to the agriculture sector as per the targets
fixed.

Rather also talked about huge finances advanced in the housing sector and said
that this should not be done at the cost of other priority sectors like
agriculture. He also negated the system of creating priority within the priority
sector underlining the need for ensuring achievement of targets in all fields of
priority sectors to the full.

The Minister said that the national target of 18 percent credit flow to
agriculture sector out of the overall advances percentage should be adhered to
and ensured that this national benchmark is achieved satisfactory. He said
though there is some increase observed on advances made in the agriculture
sector yet the pace is not as fast as is expected. He stressed on proper
focusing in this area.

The meeting was participated by Chief Secretary, Madhav Lal, Principal Secretary
Finance, M. Iqbal Khandey, Principal Secretary Planning and Development, B. B.
Vyas, Chairman Jammu and Kashmir Bank, Mushtaq Ahmad, Director Finances in Union
Ministry of Finance, Regional Director of RBI, CGM, NABARD, various Principal
Secretaries, Commissioner Secretaries, Heads of the Departments and Bankers
operating in Jammu and Kashmir. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
The Kashmir Monitor.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Kashmir Monitor
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                              May 28, 2012 Monday

Omar underlines balance in credit flow, deposits ratios

LENGTH: 1091 words

DATELINE: SRINAGAR


SRINAGAR, May 28 -- Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah Monday asked the Bankers to
strike balance in the credit flow and the deposits ratio to ensure focused
attention on priority sectors like agriculture, MSME, handicrafts, education,
entrepreneurship development and micro credit to give considerable fillip to the
traditional drivers of State's economy.

Addressing the 85th meeting of Jammu and Kashmir State Level Bankers' Committee
(SLBC) here this morning, the Chief Minister said that the growth registered in
the deposits should necessarily reflect its positive impact on the credit flow
to ensure benefits to the people especially in the priority sector.

"When there will be gap between deposits accumulation and credit flow then an
important question arises for bankers to explain. It is also difficult for the
government and the people to understand this hiatus in the process of normal
banking procedure and practice", he said adding that the flight of economy need
to be checked by ensuring investment of deposits within the State itself in
consonance with the targets fixed at SLBC for lending of money to people in the
State.

Making reference to the issuance of Kissan Credit Cards to the farmers, Omar
Abdullah said that noteworthy achievement has not been registered on this
significant front which directly relates to the State's agriculture economy and
the welfare of peasant fraternity. He fixed the target of first week of October
2012 for the Banks to fulfil hundred percent achievement in the issuance of
Kissan Credit Cards to farmers so that they avail the opportunity of taking
loans for agriculture operations.

"You should constitute Sub-Committees to monitor this aspect and the aspect of
lending loans to the priority sectors in a hassle-free manner", he said and also
directed for identifying zonal level nodal banks for ensuring issuance of Kissan
Credit Cards to the farmers. He said artisans, small entrepreneurs and others in
education, micro credit, employment generation and agro allied sectors should be
focused in lending loans to them to flourish their economy.

Citing the case of importance of providing finances to the people associated
with tourism, Omar Abdullah said that the growth of this sector and the
necessity of help for its development can be underlined by the fact that as
against 1.4 lakh visitors visiting the valley during the last year so far,
figure this year has touched to over 4 lakhs in the same period. "Banks have to
play their part in helping the traders in this field to develop befitting
infrastructure and transport facilities. You can advance loans for tourist
vehicles, buses and other transport in this sector also", he added.

Describing handicrafts, tourism, agriculture, horticulture and allied sectors as
traditional economy drivers in the State, Omar Abdullah said that proper credit
flow to these sectors should be the focused area of Bankers. He said that credit
flow from Banks to the housing sector, which has shown remarkable growth during
past some years, should not be at the cost of other priority sectors. "You
cannot create priority within the priority sector", he said stressing on full
target achievement in the priority sector taking care of all fields identify
under this sector.

The Chief Minister also talked about incorporation of modern system of
electronic transfer of benefits to the people down below. He said under MGNREGA
government is launching a pilot project of transferring benefits to the
beneficiaries in 10 districts which will be expanded to other districts
gradually. He asked the Banks to look into this initiative and work out a
feasible strategy.

"In order to achieve the targets full and reach out to the people extensively in
the priority sector, I would like you to revisit your credit plan and reorient
it in accordance with the requirements of people and the sectors identified as
important in the economy of the State", he said adding that Reserve Bank of
India (RBI) should introduce a system of penalizing those banks which show
shortfalls in registering targets they agree and commit to fulfil in SLBC
meetings.

Speaking on the occasion, Minister for Finance, Abdul Rahim Rather said that
while State Government is committed to render all help to the Bankers for their
growth, development and security of assets, it at the same time expects the
Banks to deliver conspicuously on the front of credit flow.

"We observe remarkable growth of the deposits in the Banks but the flow of
credit has shown decline", he said adding that this is the area of concern and
Bankers have to focus on this issue. He told them to adhere to the targets fixed
in SLBCs and come up to the commitments made to people.

Rather said that in a State like Jammu and Kashmir where resources are meagre
and dependence of credit flow is mostly on Banks, the Bankers have to rise to
the occasion and help give necessary fillip to the economy especially in
agriculture and allied sectors identified as priority area in credit flow.

The Minister also impressed upon the bankers to work for achieving the national
benchmark of 18 percent of the total credit for agriculture sector. "This is
imperative to give boost to the rural economy", he said and stressed on
achieving the flow of lending money to the agriculture sector as per the targets
fixed.

Rather also talked about huge finances advanced in the housing sector and said
that this should not be done at the cost of other priority sectors like
agriculture. He also negated the system of creating priority within the priority
sector underlining the need for ensuring achievement of targets in all fields of
priority sectors to the full.

The Minister said that the national target of 18 percent credit flow to
agriculture sector out of the overall advances percentage should be adhered to
and ensured that this national benchmark is achieved satisfactory. He said
though there is some increase observed on advances made in the agriculture
sector yet the pace is not as fast as is expected. He stressed on proper
focusing in this area.

The meeting was participated by Chief Secretary, Madhav Lal, Principal Secretary
Finance, M. Iqbal Khandey, Principal Secretary Planning and Development, B. B.
Vyas, Chairman Jammu and Kashmir Bank, Mushtaq Ahmad, Director Finances in Union
Ministry of Finance, Regional Director of RBI, CGM, NABARD, various Principal
Secretaries, Commissioner Secretaries, Heads of the Departments and Bankers
operating in Jammu and Kashmir. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Kashmir Images.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers, Lenders Guessing On Fate of Federal Subsidies

                            January 4, 2002, Friday

BY BEN JACKSON



When it became clear in late December that Senate action on the farm bill would
be delayed until 2002, bankers across the country began to consider the prospect
of life without government subsidies.

In fiscal 2001 farmers received $5.5 billion of supplemental assistance, which
made up more than half of net farm income in some areas and kept many farmers
from defaulting on bank loans. In addition, under the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act,
which will expire Sept. 30, the end of fiscal 2002, they will have $4 billion of
subsidies in fiscal '02.

But with Congress' priorities shifting, concern is mounting that government
programs will not be in place in time to help farmers who already have begun
making planting decisions and taking out loans to operate their farms.

"There are lenders that are engaged in making decisions for next year," said
Mark K. Scanlan, director of agricultural finance for the Independent Community
Bankers of America. "They're trying to make lending decisions without knowing
the money available for cash flows."

The House passed its version of the legislation, the Farm Security Act, in
October. It would provide $73.5 billion of aid for farmers over the next 10
years, using a formula that would give producers more money when commodity
prices were low and less when they were high. The Senate bill, the Agriculture
Conservation and Rural Enhancement Act, would provide more money for
conservation programs and less for price supports. It was held up by debate over
how much money should be earmarked for conservation and what types of amendments
could be offered.

Even before the wrangling began in the Senate and Congress' attention was
diverted by the events of Sept. 11, questions were raised over whether the
federal budget would have enough money to cover the House version of the bill
after the Bush administration's tax cuts. Given further tax cuts and the
earmarking of money for economic stimulus packages, defense, and industry
bailouts, there is speculation that the farm bill will be rewritten after the
Senate reconvenes Jan. 23 to reflect these developments.

Bob Finney, the chairman and chief executive officer of $75 million-asset
Muleshoe State Bank in Muleshoe, Tex., said, "I think the fact that the Senate
at the last minute decided that agriculture wasn't worth its time hurt as much
as anything."

Mr. Finney said his part of Texas is entirely dependent on agriculture, and that
agriculture-lending decisions had to be made in the next two months. All the
uncertainty has him questioning whether some farmers should even be in the
business.

"I've had some heart-to-heart talks with my farmers beginning about a year ago,"
he said, "and asked do they really want to risk what they have left, and a lot
of them have decided to go and do something else."

Another reason bankers are worried is the original spending parameters for the
farm bill were set under an old budget with projected surpluses. Moreover, the
Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit in Washington, published a list in
November of how much every farmer has received in government subsidies over the
past five years. The group argues that too much money has gone to large farms
and agribusinesses over the past five years and that money should go to
conservation programs that help small farmers. Bankers say this could lead to
price supports for commodities being squeezed by political pressure.

"I think they got a lot of heat," from the list, Mr. Finney said of the Senate.
"It's a bad impression," because the Environmental Working Group "totals what
the payments are for five years in the worst years of agriculture in our
history."

Across the country, lenders have taken different approaches to evaluating farm
credits, but few are carefree.

Mike Jorgensen, the president of $29 million-asset Nebraska State Bank in
Oshkosh, said his bank has begun evaluating credits differently, especially
those with terms beyond next year.

"It forces us to become more collateral lenders than capacity lenders," Mr.
Jorgensen said. He added that without the subsidy payments, projecting future
cash flows was difficult.

Brad McCullogh, a vice president at First State Bank of Gackle, in Gackle, N.D.,
said he thought there would be some form of government assistance for farmers,
but he added that government subsidies made cash flow more predictable. Still,
the $25 million-asset bank is focusing on lending for the next crop year.

"Let's get them through next year before we worry about 2003 and beyond," Mr.
McCullogh said.

Senators have tried to reassure farmers by reminding them and the public that
the 1996 bill's expiration is still nine months away.

In a Dec. 20 radio press conference at the Department of Agriculture, Sen. Pat
Roberts, R-Kan., said: "I think the first thing that I ought say is, to all the
farmers and ranchers, don't get too frustrated. And tell your lender that you
are protected for the next crop year."

Optimists say farmers and their lenders should take heart in the trade bill that
was passed by the House on Dec. 6 and would authorize the President to negotiate
trade agreements. There was some division among farm groups over the bill, but
the Independent Community Bankers of America hailed its passage, saying it hoped
it would lead to more demand for U.S. farm products overseas and less reliance
on government payments.

Terry Baloun, a regional president for South Dakota and Montana with Wells Fargo
& Co., called the fast-track trade bill "a step in the right direction." But he
added that it "is not going to provide an overnight economic recovery and is not
a substitute for good long-term legislative policy."

Copyright c 2002 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 964 words

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Scanlan

                      Copyright 2002 American Banker, Inc.


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 30, 2005 Wednesday

Ottawa boosts aid to farmers;
Another $1-billion to flow to an industry hurt by crop failures, U.S. border
closings

BYLINE: GLORIA GALLOWAY, KATHERINE HARDING

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 843 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA, EDMONTON


The federal government will pump another $1-billion into Canada's ailing
agricultural industry, a move that will help farmers hit by crop failures and
border closings as well as a Finance Department with too much cash on its books.

"Every little bit helps," Nolan Pharis, a fourth-generation rancher from Cowley,
Alta., said after hearing about the funding announcement. "But it just means
we'll be filling out more forms. It seems like that's all we do these days.

A little more than half of the money announced yesterday, which federal
Agricultural Minister Andy Mitchell hopes will be matched on a 40-60 basis by
the provinces, will go to producers of grains and oilseeds who have seen their
crop prices fall sharply this year.

About 18 per cent will go to cattle producers hit hard by the U.S. ban on
Canadian beef, and the rest will assist farmers in other sectors, from potatoes
to hogs.

Mr. Mitchell, who sees the injection as both an immediate source of financial
aid and part of his overall plan to address root causes of declining farm
income, said yesterday that the money will begin to flow within the month.

While farm organizations were careful to stress that this is a short-term fix,
they also said they hope it will kick-start a revitalization of their industry.

"It comes at a good time of the year when calves are hitting the ground and
farmers are putting crops in the ground and need the extra cash flow," said Stan
Eby, president of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association.

"Liquidity in our industry has definitely suffered. We need cash in the short
term and this helps address that. Basically I see it as a confidence builder.
Our lenders will undoubtedly look at this on a favourable note. And I also
consider this as a building block on our repositioning strategy."

But the payment will also help the federal Liberal government deal with an
embarrassment of riches. The announcement yesterday came two days before the end
of the federal fiscal year - a year in which Finance Minister Ralph Goodale
expects to see a $12-billion surplus. And the money will come out of the 2004-05
budget.

"It sort of underlines again how they were dishonest initially with how much
money there really was at the end of the year, that there is more money than
they said there was going to be," said Conservative Finance critic Monte
Solberg.

It's unclear whether all or any of the provincial governments will heed Mr.
Mitchell's request to also pump more money into agriculture aid.

"I find it somewhat amusing that he would be putting that challenge out when you
consider we've already put out a fair whack of dollars that haven't been
matched," Alberta Agriculture Minister Doug Horner said.

Since the United States shut its markets in May, 2003, to Canadian cattle, the
Alberta government has doled out more than $700-million in relief.

Mr. Horner said that while the federal government's new money for farmers is
welcome, he was privately told by Mr. Mitchell on Monday that the federal
government wouldn't be asking the provinces to match the aid program.

Farm groups credit both Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Goodale for securing the funding.

"Minister Mitchell and Minister Goodale pushed this at the cabinet and there
seems to be a commitment from the government to continue to assess the crisis
and to continue to work on this, not just in the short term," said Bob Friesen,
president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, who met with both ministers
two weeks ago.

A spokesman for Mr. Goodale said it is unfair to suggest the money is being
unloaded at year's end. "To consider it a money dump is a slap in the face to
farmers and what they are facing," Pat Bretton said. When the expected reopening
of the U.S. border to Canadian beef did not occur three weeks ago, "we said we
would be there for the farmers and we would put together a plan to help them
weather the storm."

Previous federal injections to the cattle industry, which could be looking at
another 18 months of border closing as arguments over mad-cow disease make their
way through U.S. courts, have been the subject of some controversy.

Last year, the cattle producers argued that slaughterhouses took the federal aid
into account and dropped the prices they were willing to pay. And "the cost of
administration of these programs is always a concern," Mr. Eby said.

Overall, the farm associations are pleased with the new money.

In 2003, for the first time since Statistics Canada started keeping income
records, there was a national negative net income in the agricultural industry,
Mr. Friesen said. It falls short of the $1.9-billion that the CFA said was
needed from governments this year. But, if the provinces provide matching funds,
Mr. Friesen said, the target will be very close.

Back in Cowley, Mr. Pharis wonders when governments are going to stop "throwing
quick money" at his industry's chronic problems.

"This money will help me but it won't help the industry," he said. "It's just
delaying our problems. I just wish I knew what the answer is."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                              May 9, 2006 Tuesday

Farmers welcome money but worry how fast it will flow

SECTION: THE PROVINCE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 734  words


The Conservative government has announced a $1.5-billion infusion into the state
of agriculture and while welcomed, farmers remain uncertain just how the dice
will tumble.

"It's a lot of money and it's great news, but how quickly it flows to help
farmers here on Prince Edward Island is still up in the air at this point,' says
Eddy Dykerman, president of the Federation of Agriculture.

"I get the impression the speed of getting cash to needy farmers hasn't been
solved and that's what is so important as we enter the planting season."

Farmers have been promised a package of $1.5 billion - $500 million annually and
a one-time, $1-billion fund for this year - and the Conservatives also confirmed
a Liberal promise of providing $755 million under the Grains and Oilseeds
payment program.

The Tories have also promised to replace the Canadian Agriculture Income
Stabilization fund after consulting with farmers and the province on a new joint
agreement. The CAIS program has been a Liberal program in place for the past
five years, but has failed to bolster farm fluctuations caused by the rising
Canadian dollar, higher fuel costs and unfair subsidies provided farmers in
other countries.

Meanwhile, the Canadian Federation of Agriculture says the budget makes a
sizeable investment in agriculture, but may take months to create a flowing
mechanism to ensure sectors in need see the cash.

The $1 billion is slated to flow through the CAIS program to retroactive
inventory valuation or adjustments, says the CFA. The concern is this method
will only address sharp yearly declines in prices and will not assist those
sectors identified in most need - grains and oilseeds, and horticulture.

"Farmers made it very clear - they needed immediate help," said CFA president
Bob Friesen. "People are having their lines of credit cut off right now. This
method will take months to administer, offers no guarantee that it will be
targeted to need and provides nothing bankable that farmers can take to
financial institutions."

The grains and oilseeds sector has faced slower long-term declines in prices and
as a result may not be addressed effectively by this method. The horticulture
sector, which does not carry inventory from one crop year to another, will also
not benefit from using inventory valuations.

"On April 5, 10,000 farmers from across Canada came to Ottawa to showcase this
unprecedented farm income crisis and to look for hope for the government," added
Friesen. "We were told to wait for the budget - but unfortunately (the)
announcement provides no immediate assistance to help this industry transition
into the future. $1.5 billion is a lot of money, but if that money doesn't get
to farmers quickly and to the right places, all the money in the world isn't
going to fix the problem."

Malpeque MP Wayne Easter, agriculture critic for the Official Opposition, says
Ottawa's $1.5-billion announcement is deceptive. Easter said farmers are
demanding cash immediately and what they seemed to receive is less money than
the previous government put on the table and no assurance the money will be
available for spring planting.

He said the budget contained no reference to providing an advance payment to
producers as the previous Parliament had proposed.

"What the minister of Finance has attempted to do is portray the announcement
made in the budget as money that will 'assist farmers this year'," Easter said.

"The question the farm community has is which sectors of the agriculture
industry will benefit, which farmers will benefit and more critically when will
those farmers benefit?"

Easter is also upset at the Harper government's position as expressed in a
statement by Tory MP Gerry Ritz, the new chair of the agriculture committee, who
told a media outlet in Saskatchewan that farmers should not expect another
ad-hoc program this spring.

Easter said Ritz confirmed the government has no intention of putting forward
emergency support to the farming sector which in many areas is desperate for
funds right now in order to get a crop in this spring.

"It's a lot of money and it's great news, but how quickly it flows to help
farmers here on Prince Edward Island is still up in the air at this point. I get
the impression the speed of getting cash to needy farmers hasn't been solved and
that's what is so important as we enter the planting season." eddy dykerman,
president of P.E.I. federation of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             January 6, 2012 Friday

State agriculture credit growth short of Nabard target

BYLINE: Ravi Dayal

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 428 words


PATNA: Agriculture credit growth rate in Bihar, which was higher than the
national average for the last five years, was only 33.33% till November, 2011.
As against a target of Rs 21,102 crore set by Nabard in its State Focus Paper
for the current fiscal year, Bihar's agriculture credit flow till November, 2011
was only Rs 7,000 crore.

This had prompted state deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi to hold a special meeting of
banks (which issues Kisan Credit Cards to farmers) and Nabard (which refinances
the banks for agriculture credit) seeking village-wise list of agriculture
credit borrowers and defaulters.

Nabard CGM (Bihar) V Mohandoss told TOI that the government of India had
instructed the banks to give the list of agriculture credit borrowers and
defaulters to Nabard by October 31 to accelerate the credit flow to meet the
target.

Mohandos said with increased momentum in extending agriculture credit to the
farmers, the banks would do the needful to meet the target in next three months.
Nabard had estimated the potential of agriculture credit flow while setting the
target of Rs 21,102 crore, he said.

Increased agriculture credit flow to farmers would lead to make a dent into the
moneylender system substantially to the relief of beneficiary farmers as the
banks help them come out of the clutches of the money lender. Nabard monitors
agriculture credit flow on monthly basis.

Under a national programme, Nabard catalyzed launching of 4,000 farmers' clubs
in villages across the state, which includes 259 village farmers clubs in Banka
district alone, playing the role of change agent and a bridge between the
farmers, banks and the government.

Nabard AGM Sushant Mishra said the farmers' clubs were playing a vital role in
financial inclusion of rural people. He said these clubs were also reaching the
farmers the bank credit under potential linked credit plan, government
facilities and also help the banks in recovery of credits.

A new breed of business correspondents and business facilitators has emerged
among the educated youths who are acting as a bridge between the rural people,
farmers clubs and banks, Mishra added.

Nabard provides refinance to the banks for providing 2% subsidy on interest
payment to farmers who are prompt in repaying the agriculture credit to banks.
Due to such subsidy total interest paid by the farmers on agriculture credit
comes to only 4%.

Under this scheme over six lakh farmers benefitted through four regional rural
banks alone, whose figures are available with the Nabard headaquarters here.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Mint, New Delhi

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

Reddy calls for selective credit controls

BYLINE: Tamal Bandyopadhyay & Dinesh Unnikrishnan, Mint, New Delhi

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


Nov. 23--Former Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Y.V. Reddy is in favour of
"selective credit controls" to check the flow of bank loans into the stock
market and real estate, and ensure that small and medium enterprises and
agriculture get working capital from the banking system.

"One has to be careful how the bank money goes to some of these sectors
indirectly," Reddy said in an interview. "Very often it goes through mutual
funds, non-banking finance companies."

Reddy, who is not seeing a bubble in any sector yet, said the maximum credit
growth in the past few months has gone to fund acquisitions, to pay for telecom
licence fees, real estate and infrastructure.

"That's fine. But as far as the bank money is concerned, their main business is
to fundamentally finance working capital, small and medium enterprises and
agriculture," he said.

The credit portfolio of the Indian banking industry has grown by 8.8%, or '2.86
trillion, this fiscal and at least '1 trillion of this went to telecom firms to
pay for 3G, or third-generation, mobile phone licences.

According to data from the central bank, Indian banks' exposure to real estate
rose by 10.4% in the fiscal ended March.

Loan flow to agriculture from public sector banks was to the tune of 17% of
their net credit last year, while that of private sector banks was lower at
15.6%.

Credit flow from state-run banks to micro and small enterprises made up just
over 13%, while that to real estate stood at around 14.3% of total credit, RBI
data shows.

"The public policy has to take a more hands-on approach with regard to credit
allocation and credit dispensation, and credit priorities," Reddy said.

tamal.b@livemint.com

Read the full interview on Page 8

To see more of Mint, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.livemint.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Mint, New Delhi Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101123-1MI-Reddy-calls-for-selective-credit-controls-1123-20101123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MI


                         Copyright 2010 Mint, New Delhi


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Mint, New Delhi

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

RBI nudges banks to lend more to weaker sections

BYLINE: Dinesh Unnikrishnan, Mint, New Delhi

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 802 words


Aug. 12--Credit flow to fund-starved microfinance and agriculture sectors, small
companies and those operating in economically weaker sections may get a boost
with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) pushing lenders to loan more money to them.

In July, the banking regulator made it mandatory for banks to report their
so-called priority sector lending details to it in every quarter instead
half-yearly.

Ahead of that, in May, RBI had taken away the priority sector status to bank
loans given to non-banking finance companies (NBFCs), excluding those
incorporated as microfinance institutions, or MFIs, to ensure proper end-use of
such funds. The regulator had removed similar status to loans given to NBFCs for
on-lending to individuals or other entities against gold jewellery in February.

Also, investments made by banks in securitized assets originated by NBFCs, where
the underlying assets are loans against gold jewellery, cannot be accounted for
under priority sector lending, RBI had said, in a bid to nudge banks to lend
more to the farm sector.

A combination of all these measures will ensure direct and uniform fund flow to
the sector because banks will have to report their exposure to such loans more
frequently.

Priority sector lending refers to banks' mandatory lending to agriculture,
exports, education loans, and money given to MFIs.

Under current norms, commercial banks have to lend 40% of their loans to such
borrowers. Banks that fail to meet this target are required to invest in the
Rural Infrastructure Development Fund of the National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development to make up the shortfall.

The new rule will force banks to push direct lending to such segments on a
regular basis throughout the year as against the earlier practice of pushing
such lending towards the end of the fiscal, senior officials of top banks and
the microlending industry said.

"One can certainly expect timely flow of funds to the sector now. I think the
seriousness of lenders towards such segments will increase," a senior official
with state-run IDBI Bank Ltd said. He did not want to be named because he is not
authorized to talk to the media.

The rush by banks to meet their priority sector target at the end of the fiscal
creates difficulties for MFIs as they cannot plan their business.

"MFIs typically struggle for funds throughout the fiscal and get flooded with
bank money towards the end of the fiscal to meet their targets. Where is the
demand to deploy so much of money in a short span of 2-3 months," asked Kishore
Kumar Puli, managing director and chief executive officer of Trident Microfin
Pvt. Ltd, an Andhra Pradesh based MFI.

Banks' total lending to the priority sector grew to '12.3 trillion as on 20 May,
registering a growth of 15.9% on a year-on-year basis, lower than the growth set
by RBI.

Priority sector status is critical for microlenders and small firms as such
money constitutes majority of their funds.

MFIs, a major beneficiary of the priority sector loan stipulation, have not been
getting bank loans since October, when a controversial law by Andhra Pradesh
government to regulate microlenders led to a crisis. Most banks stopped giving
loans to MFIs despite repeated calls from the regulator to resume fresh funding.

In an RBI meeting with bankers and MFIs in July, deputy governor K.C.
Chakrabarty had questioned bankers on why they were not lending to crisis-ridden
microlenders, including those that had not defaulted on loans to banks.

Earlier this year, RBI recommended certain business practices for MFIs, based on
a report, and made it clear that any MFI that did not comply with the norms
would not be eligible to receive loans from commercial banks under the priority
sector category.

Traditionally, farm loans have been one of the major contributors of
non-performing assets to banks, including the largest lender State Bank of
India.

"There has always been a concern regarding bad loans from this sector. It will
remain. Nevertheless, banks will have to lend to such borrowers as it is a
regulator compulsion," the chief general manager of a leading Mumbai-based state
-run bank said. He, too, asked not to be identified.

Vaibhav Agarwal, vice-president (research) at Angel Broking Ltd, said that the
change in norms may pose fresh challenges to banks in terms of asset quality.
"The whole review on the priority sector norms can add challenge to banks in
terms of priority sector lending as bad loans from such lending is also
relatively high with some banks."

To see more of Mint, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.livemint.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Mint, New Delhi Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110812-1MI-RBI-nudges-banks-to-lend-more-to-weaker-sections-0812-20110812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MI


                         Copyright 2011 Mint, New Delhi


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

Gujarat to get Rs41,166 crore agriculture credit in 2013-14;
Nabard predicts agri credit flow of Rs2,37,698 crore into state during 12th five
year plan

BYLINE: DNA Money Correspondent

LENGTH: 357  words


National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) released the state
credit plan 'State Focus Paper 2012-17', in which it projects lending of
Rs61,300.51 crore in the priority sector in 2013-14, including Rs41,166.24 crore
for agriculture. The credit projection for 2013-14 has grown by 21 % over the
2012-13 targets, it stated.

The credit plan envisages agriculture credit flow of Rs2,37,698 crore during the
12th five-year plan 2012-2017. The outlay for the priority sector comprising of
agriculture, agro processing, small and micro enterprises, education, housing
sectors among others stands at Rs3,46,335 crore for the five-year period ending
by March 2017. This includes credit projections of Rs47,431.88 crore in 2012-13.

The total priority sector plan for 2013-14 for the state works out to
Rs61,300.51 crore, of which agriculture, including crop loan and term loan for
agriculture-allied activities, accounts for Rs41,166.24 crore.

HR Dave, CGM, Nabard Gujarat regional office, emphasised the need for enhancing
credit flow to the agriculture sector for increasing agricultural output which
is a priority in the wake of food security concerns in the country. He also
noted that enhanced agricultural productivity is necessary for increasing the
income of the farmers.

"The process for preparation of the state focus paper projections and requested
the bankers to fine tune the credit planning process in their respective banks
on the basis of projections envisaged by Nabard," he said during the launch of
the credit plan on Tuesday.

Dave further informed that some of the critical infrastructural needs in
agriculture, animal husbandry, land development and irrigation sectors had been
identified by Nabard in consultation with various stakeholders and forwarded to
the state government for necessary action.

State chief secretary Dr Varesh Sinha gave an account of the various measures
undertaken by the government in the agriculture and rural development sectors.

The banking system in the state needs to extend its outreach and cover the
remotest corners of Gujarat, suggested NK Gayon, GM and in-charge regional
director, RBI.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

March 26 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor, Oakland Tribune © 2014 Bay Area News Group[

SECTION: MY TOWN; Letters; Opinion

LENGTH: 715 words


Three major sources for saving our water

I am very disturbed about the pressure of solving the drought problem being
primarily put upon the general public. Of course, we all need to do our best to
conserve water. However, I have three main water-use concerns:

1. EBMUD: There have been several water main breaks in assorted neighborhoods
within the year. Who knows how many considerable gallons of water were lost. The
cause is outdated, very old pipes; lack of proper consistent maintenance; and
not enough proper oversight.

2. Fracking: That this process uses so much excess water should be reason enough
to have a law against it. At the very least, it should be banned during drought
season. Drought or not, fracking poisons our groundwater and is environmentally
destructive. Only big-money corporate executives benefit from fracking, and they
would never do it in their own backyard.

3: Illegal marijuana growing: Marijuana uses an excessive amount of water and
endangers our environment. Just legalize pot.

Flo Wiley

Castro Valley

Altering river flows caused the problem

Nature provided California two great rivers, Sacramento and San Joaquin. Both
ran through the Delta and San Francisco Bay. Agriculture used natural gravity
flow -- water, fish and wildlife, the Delta Bay, and human population were
healthy.

In 1953, the Central Valley Project sent the entire Sierra flow of the San
Joaquin River south for agriculture. Sacramento River flows were sent south. In
1965, the California State Water Project sent more water south.

These projects sent 7 million acre-feet annually south out of the Delta in
concrete ditches. Entire runs of fish were wiped out, wildlife habitats
decimated.

These projects were funded by the federal and state government -- our tax money
-- providing subsidized water at a fraction of cost to irrigate deserts, former
ocean beds high in salts and contaminants.

These lands drain off as much as 25 percent of its deliveries as salt waste
water, returning through the San Joaquin River, to our Delta and bay, killing
wildlife and prompting grave concerns for human health.

The governor now plans more pipes to transfer more water south of the Delta at
public cost. Water interests south of the Delta want more water than can be
environmentally or prudently supplied.

Dee Kerry

San Leandro

Need creative ideas to aid the homeless

The March 18 guest commentary, "Society shamefully turning its back on the
desperate," is right on.

But what can actually be done about the constellation of problems so eloquently
described?

Unable to fund a sufficiently large police force, would the citizens of Oakland
be willing to pay more in taxes to build and staff facilities to house and care
for those on the street?

Would civil rights precedents mandate the release of those who did not want to
stay in such facilities? Would deep-pocket charitable foundations step into the
funding breach and pay for such facilities?

Philanthropists could look to the facilities and programs run by Circle the City
in Phoenix and Bostonwww.circlethecity.org ) as templates for something that
might work here.

These are hard problems to solve. Look what little success San Francisco has had
after a decade of concentrated effort. More creative ideas are needed and I
thank the author for getting this conversation started.

Casey Clow

Oakland

Nasty letters about Israel reflect envy

There certainly are a lot of people writing letters with emotionally chaotic
souls who become bullies because of their powerless and insecure nature. They
write as if they are knowledgeable about what is going on in the Middle East.

They base their facts on rumors. Then they develop a distorted view of reality
and become paralyzed by their own hate.

Israel's greatness is in its great intellectual gift to the world. Israel towers
over all other nations in the Middle East with its advance biotechnology that
improves the quality of life for the whole world. This is why it is known as the
Silicon Valley of the Middle East and the most resourceful and creative place in
the world.

People should not judge what they do not understand or fear. The marginalized
people who write toxic letters resent successful nations like Israel. They write
letters full of deception. They are quite misguided and uneducated.

Linda Smith

San Leandro

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

March 26 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor, Oakland Tribune © 2014 Bay Area News Group[

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


Three major sources for saving our water

I am very disturbed about the pressure of solving the drought problem being
primarily put upon the general public. Of course, we all need to do our best to
conserve water. However, I have three main water-use concerns:

1. EBMUD: There have been several water main breaks in assorted neighborhoods
within the year. Who knows how many considerable gallons of water were lost. The
cause is outdated, very old pipes; lack of proper consistent maintenance; and
not enough proper oversight.

2. Fracking: That this process uses so much excess water should be reason enough
to have a law against it. At the very least, it should be banned during drought
season. Drought or not, fracking poisons our groundwater and is environmentally
destructive. Only big-money corporate executives benefit from fracking, and they
would never do it in their own backyard.

3: Illegal marijuana growing: Marijuana uses an excessive amount of water and
endangers our environment. Just legalize pot.

Flo Wiley

Castro Valley

Altering river flows caused the problem

Nature provided California two great rivers, Sacramento and San Joaquin. Both
ran through the Delta and San Francisco Bay. Agriculture used natural gravity
flow -- water, fish and wildlife, the Delta Bay, and human population were
healthy.

In 1953, the Central Valley Project sent the entire Sierra flow of the San
Joaquin River south for agriculture. Sacramento River flows were sent south. In
1965, the California State Water Project sent more water south.

These projects sent 7 million acre-feet annually south out of the Delta in
concrete ditches. Entire runs of fish were wiped out, wildlife habitats
decimated.

These projects were funded by the federal and state government -- our tax money
-- providing subsidized water at a fraction of cost to irrigate deserts, former
ocean beds high in salts and contaminants.

These lands drain off as much as 25 percent of its deliveries as salt waste
water, returning through the San Joaquin River, to our Delta and bay, killing
wildlife and prompting grave concerns for human health.

The governor now plans more pipes to transfer more water south of the Delta at
public cost. Water interests south of the Delta want more water than can be
environmentally or prudently supplied.

Dee Kerry

San Leandro

Need creative ideas to aid the homeless

The March 18 guest commentary, "Society shamefully turning its back on the
desperate," is right on.

But what can actually be done about the constellation of problems so eloquently
described?

Unable to fund a sufficiently large police force, would the citizens of Oakland
be willing to pay more in taxes to build and staff facilities to house and care
for those on the street?

Would civil rights precedents mandate the release of those who did not want to
stay in such facilities? Would deep-pocket charitable foundations step into the
funding breach and pay for such facilities?

Philanthropists could look to the facilities and programs run by Circle the City
in Phoenix and Bostonwww.circlethecity.org ) as templates for something that
might work here.

These are hard problems to solve. Look what little success San Francisco has had
after a decade of concentrated effort. More creative ideas are needed and I
thank the author for getting this conversation started.

Casey Clow

Oakland

Nasty letters about Israel reflect envy

There certainly are a lot of people writing letters with emotionally chaotic
souls who become bullies because of their powerless and insecure nature. They
write as if they are knowledgeable about what is going on in the Middle East.

They base their facts on rumors. Then they develop a distorted view of reality
and become paralyzed by their own hate.

Israel's greatness is in its great intellectual gift to the world. Israel towers
over all other nations in the Middle East with its advance biotechnology that
improves the quality of life for the whole world. This is why it is known as the
Silicon Valley of the Middle East and the most resourceful and creative place in
the world.

People should not judge what they do not understand or fear. The marginalized
people who write toxic letters resent successful nations like Israel. They write
letters full of deception. They are quite misguided and uneducated.

Linda Smith

San Leandro

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday

FM calls for financial inclusion, urges PSBs to raise farm credit

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 605  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


To bring out farmers from the clutches of money lenders, finance minister Pranab
Mukherjee on Tuesday urged public sector banks (PSBs) to increase their kisan
credit cards (KCC) across the country by 20% in 2010-11, both in terms of the
number of accounts and the amount disbursed.

He also asked banks to tap the vast opportunity provided by the semi-urban and
rural markets by converting savings in these areas into financial assets. For
states, the most important job is the financial inclusion of the population, he
said. "I advise banks to transform savings from the semi-urban and rural markets
into financial assets through effective financial inclusion. It will strengthen
financial deepening," Mukherjee said.

"Only 37.2% of bank branches are in rural areas and only 40% of the country's
population has bank accounts. Financial inclusion enables the poor to bring
their savings in the common financial system, is an avenue to remit money to
their families in the villages and also weans them away from the clutches of
money lenders," he observed. Highlighting the plus points, Mukherjee said this
year the country had a record credit flow in agriculture. Against a target of Rs
3,25,000 crore for the year, the credit flow to the agriculture sector went up
to Rs 3,66,000 crore.

The government has set a target to provide banking facilities to areas with
population above 2,000 by March 2012,the finance minister said.

He said the northern region has 22,494 bank branches which amount to
approximately 26% of the total bank branches. "There are 19,141 habitations with
population above 2,000 as per the 2001 census that do not have banking
facilities in the northern zone.  Such habitations shall be provided banking
facilities by March 2012," he stated.

"The productive sectors of the economy must receive timely credit so that
economic production is not impeded," he  said while addressing a meeting with
chief ministers of northern states and PSU bank heads. Mukherjee pulled up
Punjab and Uttarakhand for not amending their respective State Cooperative
Societies Act. The FM has asked the states to implement the Vaidyanathan
committee's recommendations to improve the cooperative-credit structure. The
finance minister also asked the chief ministers to regularly review the progress
of the centrally-sponsored schemes, so that the benefits reach the common man.

He said implementation of the Aam Admi Bima Yojana and Swavalamban or the
contributory pension scheme, are priorities of the Centre. Mukherjee revealed
that in the area of micro and small enterprises' credit, the total credit in the
north zone states has grown by 23% during 2009-10, over the previous year.
States such as Haryana, Jammu & Kashmir, Uttrakhand and Punjab have shown a
growth of credit of more than 20% during the year 2009- over the previous year
in credit to MSE sector.  The growth in the remaining states and Chandigarh has
been lower. Mukherjee also asked the states--which have received the revival
package for the short-term cooperative credit structure--to take up reform
measures required to be put in place to avail of the Central funds.

He further informed that in the housing sector, the total housing credit in the
north zone states has grown by about 67% during 2009-10, over the previous year.
Interestingly, Jammu & Kashmir has shown the highest growth in the region of
over 100%. He showed concern over the decreasing CD ratio of the states, and
said this was high only in Chandigarh, at 141% against a benchmark of 60%.

He added that while agriculture credit flow has grown by 36% in the region,
Haryana has shown a growth of over 50%.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Preserve flow to education

BYLINE: the TH Media Editorial Board

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 410 words


where we stand Rather than divert much-need money flowing to our schools, as the
Iowa governor proposes, take a closer look at an idea floated by Dubuque
legislator Chuck Isenhart.

Over the years, battles have been fought - figuratively and literally - over
water. Diverting the flow of water away from one ranch or community for use by
another ranch or community sparked all manner of tumult.

This legislative session, a water-related diversion is proposed by state
government in Iowa.

Gov. Terry Branstad advocates diverting some dollars that would flow to
education. Instead, the money would go toward water-quality initiatives. In an
editorial two months ago, when Branstad's idea first bubbled to the surface, we
stated that we were uncomfortable with the proposal.

Iowa has been late to the party and slow-moving regarding water issues, but we
don't think diverting money from another critical program, education, is the
answer.

Further, there is the fairness element. When voters OK'd this special sales tax,
the increase from which Branstad is eyeing, they were told this money - their
money - would go toward school infrastructure and related needs. Changing the
game after the fact is not a reasonable solution.

However, a possible solution has been aired by Rep. Chuck Isenhart, D-Dubuque,
who has long listed water quality as among his priorities. His idea is to
establish a clean-water fund primed with private money and matched
dollar-for-dollar by public funds. The money would come from multiple sources,
including a newly created "clean-water checkoff" collected by agricultural
commodity groups.

Isenhart's proposal has drawn interest and words of support, starting with Tom
Vilsack, the former Iowa governor and current federal agriculture secretary.
Vilsack also has good things about Branstad's plan, calling them both "viable
options." However, educators are partial to Isenhart's plan, which would
preserve the flow of dollars to the schools as intended.

The Isenhart plan would be more challenging to put together. Getting farmers and
others to take on what is effectively another tax could be a tough sell. It's
easier to just divert existing money earmarked for another program.

When it involves two highly important needs - education and water quality - it
doesn't make much sense to take from one to pay for the other. But the Dubuque
legislator's idea is worth a closer look.

Editorials reflect the consensus of the TH Media Editorial Board.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Institutional loans not streamlined; farmers approach money lenders

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, Oct. 28 -- At a time when a large number of debt-burdened farmers
are committing suicide in the State, institutional loan arrangement is yet to be
streamlined.


 Despite the fact that there is huge scope for financing small and marginal
farmers, who form self-help groups, banks and financial institutions have been
consistently showing reluctance to provide loan to them.
 As a result, farmers are forced to seek loan from private money lenders in the
State. In most places, money lenders are charging monthly interest at 10 per
cent of total loan amount.
 In Odisha, more than 40 farmers have allegedly committed suicide during past
two months. Invariably in most of the cases, family members blamed high debt
burden for suicides.
 "Under National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development programme, Joint
Liability Groups (JLGs) are being promoted. JLGs comprise of five or more small,
marginal farmers, oral lessees and tenant farmers engaged in farming or
non-farming activities who are provided loan from nationalised and commercial
banks," said J. B. Mohanty, Chairman of Favourable Organisation for Rural
Welfare and Regional Development (FORWARD), a Balasore-based NGO.
 Mr. Mohanty said: "We have been assigned to form JLGs and facilitate credit
linkage to them. But we observe that bank authorities are often hesitant to
provide loans to JLGs. As a result, the objective behind forming JLGs gets
defeated."
 As against the target of 40,000, only 5,862 JLGs have been credit-linked as on
September 30, 2014. NABARD study says lower per capita credit for SHGs, average
credit for SHG being Rs.1,16,787 in the State as against national average of
Rs.1,75,822 and inadequate and inconsistency in making bank loan available have
been helping money lenders to thrive.
 From 13 per cent in the year 2004-05, agriculture credit as a percentage of
State agriculture production has increased to 26 per cent in the year 2013-14.
"In spite of such an increase in credit for the agriculture sector, the credit
off-take from institutional sources is much less in the State as compared to
national average or that in several neighbouring States," NABARD says.
 Compared to neighbouring States, Odisha has the lowest average amount of loan
per account by scheduled commercial banks. As many as 57,627 farmers had taken
average loan of Rs.43,443 from different banks. In Bihar, 72,915 farmers have
taken loan from banks while in West Bengal and Chhattisgarh 74,925 and 1,13,317
farmers respectively have secured loan from scheduled banks.
 Agricultural credit flow during 2013-14 was Rs.12,581.65 crore as against
Rs.10,45.15 crore during previous year, thereby recording growth of 20 per cent.
However, total ground level credit flow during priority sector registered a
decline of around 4 per cent and it was Rs.20,955.75 crore during 2013-14 as
against Rs.21,910.93 crore during 2012-13.
 Compared to neighbouring States, Odisha has the lowest average amount of loan
per account by scheduled commercial banks

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           February 10, 2007 Saturday
                                 State Edition

WORLD IN FOCUS;
How wealth creates poverty

BYLINE: by Vandana Shiva, campaigner for ecological rights

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. W03

LENGTH: 1201  words


MONEY has become a measure of how wealthy and how poor people are. It has become
the measure of human wellbeing. To live on less than a dollar a day is the
definition of poverty. To increase incomes to more than a dollar a day is
interpreted as an end to poverty. This equating of money with wealth, and wealth
with wellbeing, is misplaced on multiple counts.

Money does not reflect nature's wealth or people's wealth and it definitely
fails to measure the wellbeing of society. People can have more money but still
experience poverty because food, clothing, shelter, health, energy, education
are all more costly as a result of privatisation. More money can go hand in hand
with increased material poverty, with people having less access to basic needs
such as food and water. The fact that, despite economies growing, billions of
people are without access to these basic essentials indicates money does not
measure wellbeing.

India now has 8 per cent economic growth, yet it is home to a third of the
world's malnourished children. In fact, when economies are measured only in
terms of money flow, inequalities grow: the rich get richer, the poor get
poorer. And the rich might be rich in monetary terms, but they too are poor in
the wider context of what being human means. People can have immeasurable
financial wealth and be socially impoverished without love and companionship,
without solidarity and community, with an empty soul despite overflowing bank
accounts.

Money growth is usually measured in terms of gross national product. However,
GNP fails to measure the decay of nature's economy and the social economy. In
the definition of measuring growth is the destruction of the self-sufficient,
self-provisioning people's sustenance economy. If you produce what you consume,
you do not produce - that is the assumption underlying economic growth. That is
how rich ecosystems and rich cultures are destroyed. Resources and labour must
leave an ecosystem or household to contribute to growth (measured in terms of
money).

Ecological growth is not counted; in fact, ecological destruction contributes to
increase in GNP. Social growth of individuals and societies is not counted; in
fact, social decay and disintegration contribute to GNP.

I have witnessed again and again that as people's resources are commoditised and
people's economies are commercialised, money flow does increase in society, but
it is mainly outflow from nature and people to commercial interests and
corporations.

Take the case of agriculture. Production of food is primary production. All it
needs is soil, water, biodiversity and the creative energy of farmers.
Ecological organic farming and traditional agriculture generate a positive
economy, a living economy, which conserves soil, water and biodiversity,
generates livelihoods and produces good, healthy, abundant, diverse food. There
is no hunger and no unemployment. If droughts or floods affect production,
hunger is localised in space and time. It is not permanent.

Money has transformed agriculture from a positive economy to a negative economy,
which is killing biodiversity, the soil and our farmers. We in India have
witnessed a new tragedy of an epidemic of farmers' suicides (more than 100,000
in 10 years) as more costly inputs such as non-renewable, genetically modified
and hybrid seeds, pesticides and fertilisers are sold to farmers on credit. The
farmers become steeped in unpayable debt and end up consuming the pesticides
that got them into debt, to end their lives. In this negative suicide economy,
money flows do increase but life is extinguished and wellbeing diminished. The
government response is to offer more credit, which deepens the debt crisis. The
real solution to the epidemic of farmer suicides is the practice and promotion
of sustainable organic production, which gets rid of purchased external inputs,
which need money, and allowing the value of agricultural produce to reflect the
costs of production and the costs of living of farming families.

In the globalised economy, the price of food does not reflect its real costs. It
is distracted by $US4 billion ($5.2 billion) of subsidies by rich countries, and
by monopoly markets controlled by five agribusiness giants. Money has become a
mis-measure of wealth and wellbeing for two reasons. First, money does not
reflect the ecological and social destruction that is an externality of growth
as measured in terms of money and financial resources. Second, money no longer
reflects the resources, goods and services it commands. Money has taken on a
life of its own: it can reproduce itself and multiply, totally separated from
the real wealth in nature and society. More than $US3 trillion ($3.8 trillion)
moves around the world daily in a global financial casino, and this is 50 times
more than the real resources in the world.

Money has become totally dissociated from real value, but those who accumulate
financial resources can then stake claim on the real resources of people - their
land and water, their forests and seeds. Hungry money is predating on the last
drop of water and the last square centimetre of land on the planet. This is not
an end to poverty. It is an end to human rights and justice. People are being
made disposable in a world where money rules.

Rarely is the increased cost of living and cost of production or the
displacement of people from their land and livelihoods taken into account when
growth is measured in terms of money flow and financial transactions. When
ecological internal input farming is replaced by purchased inputs, the
environment is destroyed and farmers are dispossessed. However, there is more
growth when measured in increased purchases of chemicals and costly seeds.

When corporations patent seeds, a trillion dollars of increased money will flow
as royalty, but the farmers will be poorer. When water is commoditised and water
markets of a trillion dollars are created, corporate profits explode and GNP
increases, but people are left thirsty and poor.

When every aspect of life is commercialised and commoditised, living becomes
more costly, and people are poor even if they earn more than a dollar a day. But
people can be affluent in material terms even without the money economy if they
have access to land, their soils are fertile, their rivers flow clean, their
cultures are rich and carry traditions of producing beautiful homes and clothing
and delicious food, and there are social cohesion, solidarity and a community
spirit.

We need to create measures beyond money, economies beyond the global supermarket
to rejuvenate real wealth and authentic wellbeing. We need to remember that the
real currency of life is life itself.


Vandana SHIVA

* Born: November, 1952, Uttarakhand, India.

* Shiva was trained as a physicist and later went on to interdisciplinary
research in science, technology and environmental policy, at the Indian
Institute of Science and the Indian Institute of Management in Bangalore.

* In 1982, she founded the Research Foundation for Science, Technology and
Ecology. Initiatives of this foundation include Navdanya, an organic farming
program.

* She is the author of many books and papers on the environment and ecology.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Budget Ax May Fall on High-Tech Self-Help Program for Farmers

                          January 22, 1986, Wednesday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON (UPI)


A federal agency that uses high technology to help farmers bolster their
financial situation could lose some of its funding as part of the
administration's push to trim the federal deficit.

The federal Extension Service, together with the University of Nebraska's
Cooperative Extension Service, is using videodiscs and computers to create a
self-help program on planning cash flow, which has become increasingly important
in tough times for American agriculture.

Next month the program will be tested in several states. After an intensive
evaluation of the results, many farmers should be able to use the program free
of charge.

News reports indicate the administration would like to target the Agriculture
Department's Extension Service as one of many ways to slash the federal budget
in fiscal 1987, when the government must cut the deficit under the new
Gramm-Rudman Act.

However, the agency is popular on Capitol Hill and has a long, rich history of
keeping farmers abreast with modern technology. It also has a strong
constituency that would fiercely resist efforts to force it to rely solely on
state funding.

The Nebraska technology package, which draws an enthusiastic response from
officials in Washington, is designed to give farmers technical assistance to
obtain financing and to help them make informed financial management decisions.

''There are only so many experts out there who can work with farmers
individually, and they can be stretched pretty thin during tough financial
times,'' said Buel Lanpher, farm management program leader with the Extension
Service who is the Agriculture Department's leader of the project.

''Every winter and spring, when it's time to apply for loans or restructure
existing debt loads, many farmers have little to no preparation to help them
through.''

He said the computer program walks farmers through the cash-flow planning and
lending process, even including simulated sessions with bank loan officers. The
program also helps farmers prepare cash-flow plans that are vital for daily
money management of a farm and that are necessary for farmers to take to their
bankers, the Farm Credit System, or the Farmers Home Administration.

Before the current farm crisis, lenders offered money to farmers based on
farmers' equity, and losses were often converted into debt.

But falling land values, low commodity prices, and high interest rates forced
lenders to demand positive cash flows, before some farmers could adjust their
operations to the new circumstances.

Videodiscs, part of the new technology approach to farm planning, are silvery
platters played with laser beams. They can store text, graphics, moving
pictures, animation, and sound. One 12-inch disc can use 108,000 screens of
information. Interactive videodiscs can be adapted to individual farmers.

''We're developing a program that, like an in-the-flesh credit counselor, can
respond to individuals based on their own particular circumstances,'' Mr.
Lanpher said.

The programs can even be used for production problems. Farmers could take a bug
in a jar to their county agent's office and answer computer questions about the
bug's characteristics.

''In a matter of minutes, thousands of contenders will be narrowed down to just
a few,'' said Tom Tate, the Agriculture Department's program analysis officer
for the project. ''Then, by comparing the 'mug shots' of the bugs on the video
screen to your captive under glass, you'll learn what you have and how to get
rid of it.''

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY TODAY; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 585 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday
                                 Hobart Edition

Money in the pipeline

BYLINE: MATT SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 353  words


THE man in charge of Tasmania's ambitious $1 billion irrigation schemes is
confident an extra $110 million in Federal Government funding will soon flow,
easing farmers' fears about being left high and dry.

Tasmanian Irrigation chief executive officer Chris Oldfield told the Sunday
Tasmanian yesterday he was confident the federal funds would be available for
the next five irrigation projects earmarked for development.

Tasmanian Irrigation, a state-owned company started by the former Labor
government and embraced by the new Liberal Government, aims to future-proof
regional areas of Tasmania by securing a permanent water supply for landholders
and allowing them to diversify their farming.

"We think what we are doing is compelling," Mr Oldfield said. "It is having a
significant impact on agriculture in this state and the job is not finished.

"It is about developing regional communities." A spokesman for Federal
Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce yesterday suggested the money would flow
despite no official confirmation to date.

"You don't have a dams taskforce if you are not going to build dams," he said.
"The PM has said he wants to be the infrastructure Prime Minister and we are
about growing the economy.

"The Tasmanian dams are at the top of our suitable water infrastructure list, so
you would expect that if there is money for dams, Tasmania will be one of the
next projects we consider for funding." State Opposition Leader Bryan Green said
the Federal Government needed to honour its commitment to the Southern Highlands
Irrigation scheme.

"Water sales opened late last year but we've so far heard nothing from the
Federal Government," he said.

"We can't afford to risk losing the skills and expertise tied up in Tas
Irrigation while the Liberals sit on their hands.

"Irrigation investment, both public and private, is setting Tasmania up for the
future, with agriculture being one of our strongest natural advantages." Primary
Industries and Water Minister Jeremy Rockliff said the state had been working
co-operatively with the Federal Government on funding, and was
optimistic.matthew.smith@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

Farm finance delays part of process says Joyce

BYLINE: COLIN BETTLES

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 910 words


FEDERAL Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce says delays in delivering
concessional loans in the multi-million dollar Farm Finance Package are part of
the normal administrative process and not deliberate.

Mr Joyce was forced to defend criticism from Shadow Agriculture Minister Joel
Fitzgibbon last week who attacked continued delays in delivering the farm-aid
scheme.

Last April, Labor announced the $420 million finance package to assist farmers
struggling with viability issues from a range of compound impacts, including the
high Australian dollar.

After the election, Mr Joyce re-jigged the scheme to allocate more funds to
farmers in New South Wales and Queensland facing immediate drought pressures and
reserved $40m for the scheme's second year.

As of early February, only one application had been received in WA under the
original package, forcing Mr Joyce to warn Coalition backbenchers that WA's $50m
share could be redirected towards drought hit east coast farmers.

But with drought escalating in northern NSW and Queensland, Minister Joyce
gained cabinet approval late last month for another $280m in concessional loans.

Mr Fitzgibbon said he was concerned about reports last week that drought
assistance wasn't flowing to farmers in WA who needed it.

He highlighted concerns raised by WA Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston
that drought assistance for WA farmers was probably still months away,
attributing the delay to problems with the Abbott Government's implementation
process.

"The Abbott Government was too slow to implement a response to the drought and
now it's too slow delivering that response to the drought, particularly for WA
farmers," Mr Fitzgibbon said.

"I'm very concerned about the situation WA farmers find themselves in.

"Thankfully the drought in WA hasn't been as severe or as widespread as it has
been in the Eastern States but in the eastern Wheatbelt in particular farmers
are struggling.

"It's disappointing that so many months into the drought that assistance still
isn't flowing to WA farmers."

Mr Fitzgibbon also highlighted comments from Queensland Agriculture Minister
John McVeigh saying he wanted an agreement 'sooner rather than later' on the aid
program - and was seeking further clarification about the pest management and
mental health services components, of the recently announced package.

Mr Fitzgibbon said with drought photo opportunities behind him, Prime Minister
Abbott "needs to act now to ensue drought assistance flows quickly to those who
need it".

However, Mr Joyce scotched suggestions the delays were deliberate or motivated
by "some mean purpose", saying the Commonwealth provided money for the States
and Territories to lend out which required diligent oversight.

"We obviously give strong parameters about how that money is lent out, but I
don't think the delay is any more than part of the process," he said.

"I don't think for one moment that Ken (Baston) is deliberately delaying it for
some sort of mean purpose.

"I believe there are diligent guidelines and oversight over a large amount of
money that belongs to the Commonwealth of Australia.

"We made the money available so it does get lent out and it will get lent out."

Mr Joyce said in getting the first iteration of the drought package out, the
government ensured States that weren't committed previously had now signed off
and could access concessional loans, at 4 per cent.

"I am in continual discussions with Ken Baston and the WA Department of
Agriculture and Food," he said.

"Our department will finalise as quickly as it possibly can those
inter-governmental agreements to make sure that that money can flow.

"I'm very aware of the people especially around Southern Cross (in WA) who have
been dealing with a dry spell and want to get access to that money.

"I will make sure that in the process of getting access to that money they can
use it either for re-financing, or for re-planting or for other issues
pertaining to the drought."

After meeting with Mr Joyce last Friday, WAFarmers issued a statement saying
they agreed with his suggestion that the roll out of loans in WA should be
administered by the Queensland Rural Adjustment Authority (QRAA), which delivers
funds for Queensland and the NT.

WAFarmers president Dale Park said allowing the QRAA to administer drought
assistance loans to farmers in WA "would allow for the quickest possible
distribution of funds prior to seeding".

Minister Baston's office has said WA is continuing to devise the loan guidelines
with the federal Department of Agriculture.

Last week, Federal Parliament also passed the legislation that will provide
assistance for farming families, under the new Farm Household Allowance.

The allowance, paid at the same rate as NewStart Allowance, replaces Exceptional
Circumstances arrangements from 1 July 2014.

It will also replace the Interim Farm Household Allowance introduced to help
farmers in the lead up to commencement of the legislated allowance.

Mr Joyce said the new payment was subject to a new higher asset test, "making it
more realistic for farming families in hardship to access assistance".

"The allowance will be available to farmers and their partners who meet the
criteria - the funding is uncapped; we're not limiting how many farmers we
help," he said.

"The Farm Household Allowance will be available to recipients for up to three
years.

"Recipients will be automatically issued with a Health Care Card and have access
to $3000 to access support or training."

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

Farm finance delays part of process says Joyce

BYLINE: COLIN BETTLES

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 910 words


FEDERAL Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce says delays in delivering
concessional loans in the multi-million dollar Farm Finance Package are part of
the normal administrative process and not deliberate.

Mr Joyce was forced to defend criticism from Shadow Agriculture Minister Joel
Fitzgibbon last week who attacked continued delays in delivering the farm-aid
scheme.

Last April, Labor announced the $420 million finance package to assist farmers
struggling with viability issues from a range of compound impacts, including the
high Australian dollar.

After the election, Mr Joyce re-jigged the scheme to allocate more funds to
farmers in New South Wales and Queensland facing immediate drought pressures and
reserved $40m for the scheme's second year.

As of early February, only one application had been received in WA under the
original package, forcing Mr Joyce to warn Coalition backbenchers that WA's $50m
share could be redirected towards drought hit east coast farmers.

But with drought escalating in northern NSW and Queensland, Minister Joyce
gained cabinet approval late last month for another $280m in concessional loans.

Mr Fitzgibbon said he was concerned about reports last week that drought
assistance wasn't flowing to farmers in WA who needed it.

He highlighted concerns raised by WA Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston
that drought assistance for WA farmers was probably still months away,
attributing the delay to problems with the Abbott Government's implementation
process.

"The Abbott Government was too slow to implement a response to the drought and
now it's too slow delivering that response to the drought, particularly for WA
farmers," Mr Fitzgibbon said.

"I'm very concerned about the situation WA farmers find themselves in.

"Thankfully the drought in WA hasn't been as severe or as widespread as it has
been in the Eastern States but in the eastern Wheatbelt in particular farmers
are struggling.

"It's disappointing that so many months into the drought that assistance still
isn't flowing to WA farmers."

Mr Fitzgibbon also highlighted comments from Queensland Agriculture Minister
John McVeigh saying he wanted an agreement 'sooner rather than later' on the aid
program - and was seeking further clarification about the pest management and
mental health services components, of the recently announced package.

Mr Fitzgibbon said with drought photo opportunities behind him, Prime Minister
Abbott "needs to act now to ensue drought assistance flows quickly to those who
need it".

However, Mr Joyce scotched suggestions the delays were deliberate or motivated
by "some mean purpose", saying the Commonwealth provided money for the States
and Territories to lend out which required diligent oversight.

"We obviously give strong parameters about how that money is lent out, but I
don't think the delay is any more than part of the process," he said.

"I don't think for one moment that Ken (Baston) is deliberately delaying it for
some sort of mean purpose.

"I believe there are diligent guidelines and oversight over a large amount of
money that belongs to the Commonwealth of Australia.

"We made the money available so it does get lent out and it will get lent out."

Mr Joyce said in getting the first iteration of the drought package out, the
government ensured States that weren't committed previously had now signed off
and could access concessional loans, at 4 per cent.

"I am in continual discussions with Ken Baston and the WA Department of
Agriculture and Food," he said.

"Our department will finalise as quickly as it possibly can those
inter-governmental agreements to make sure that that money can flow.

"I'm very aware of the people especially around Southern Cross (in WA) who have
been dealing with a dry spell and want to get access to that money.

"I will make sure that in the process of getting access to that money they can
use it either for re-financing, or for re-planting or for other issues
pertaining to the drought."

After meeting with Mr Joyce last Friday, WAFarmers issued a statement saying
they agreed with his suggestion that the roll out of loans in WA should be
administered by the Queensland Rural Adjustment Authority (QRAA), which delivers
funds for Queensland and the NT.

WAFarmers president Dale Park said allowing the QRAA to administer drought
assistance loans to farmers in WA "would allow for the quickest possible
distribution of funds prior to seeding".

Minister Baston's office has said WA is continuing to devise the loan guidelines
with the federal Department of Agriculture.

Last week, Federal Parliament also passed the legislation that will provide
assistance for farming families, under the new Farm Household Allowance.

The allowance, paid at the same rate as NewStart Allowance, replaces Exceptional
Circumstances arrangements from 1 July 2014.

It will also replace the Interim Farm Household Allowance introduced to help
farmers in the lead up to commencement of the legislated allowance.

Mr Joyce said the new payment was subject to a new higher asset test, "making it
more realistic for farming families in hardship to access assistance".

"The allowance will be available to farmers and their partners who meet the
criteria - the funding is uncapped; we're not limiting how many farmers we
help," he said.

"The Farm Household Allowance will be available to recipients for up to three
years.

"Recipients will be automatically issued with a Health Care Card and have access
to $3000 to access support or training."

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday
                               1 - State Edition

Good times flow like a river --- The drought breaks

BYLINE: Samantha Townsend

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1077  words


HE'S a humble sheep farmer who battled through a dusty decade of despair as a
long-running drought crippled country NSW.

Now Craig Johnston is one of the most important men in West Wyalong. With the
rains again falling, a wide smile has returned to Mr Johnston's sunbaked face.

And he's not the only one in his tiny community who's laughing. With the worst
dry spell on record officially over, farmers such as Mr Johnston will be able to
harvest what is expected to be a bumper crop.

And entire towns will reap the benefits. For many farmers this year's crop will
put money in the bank for the first time in a decade and the flow-on effect to
the rest of their community will be a deluge of good fortune.

The rains have brought record prices for spring lambs -- $230 in the saleyards
-- because there is more feed for livestock.

This income will trickle down the arteries of the community, keeping businesses
afloat and increasing employment.

Farmers will once again be able to spend money on the ``little luxuries'' like
magazines, cafe and pub lunches as well as clothes, which they haven't been able
to buy during the big dry.

At West Wyalong, in the state's southwest, more than nine industries will be
boosted by Mr Johnston's crop and sheep sales.

Everyone from Landmark, which he employs to sell his stock, through to the
auto-electrician who will benefit indirectly from the truck driver who carts the
stock.

But for that to happen, Mr Johnston must be able to harvest his crop, which is
under threat from the worst locust plague in 30 years, rising mice populations
and -- perversely -- wet weather.

It's a scenario being played out across NSW as anxious farmers wait to harvest a
$2.85 billion winter crop.

``When farmers have money so does everyone else. If it wasn't for farmers then a
lot of communities would die,'' Mr Johnston said.

Three years ago, when The Daily Telegraph first visited Mr Johnston's property,
it was a dust bowl and he was forced to watch as his sheep grazed on the dying
end of the crop, ruined by searing heat and a lack of rain.

It was a different story yesterday as Mr Johnston proudly walked waist deep
through thriving lush green pastures. This year 750mm of rain has fallen on his
parched land -- 350mm above the average rainfall.

``The last nine years has been tough but this year is looking great, the only
thing is we are not there yet,'' he said.

``If we get money in the bank then this will be the best season I've ever
seen.''

Stock and station agent Will Dean echoed Mr Johnston's sentiments, saying if the
farmers did well then so did everyone else.

``If there are less sheep numbers then there is less buyer interest, which means
there are less people in town and less people spending in the shops. It's not
just farmers and agents that suffer in drought,'' Mr Dean said.

``The past 10 years of drought could be turned around with one season.''

GM Scott Abattoirs Cootamundra CEO Len Jones said the national sheep flock had
dropped from 170 million to 60 million in the past seven years because of the
drought.

``For people on the land it has been disastrous, so it's important to get our
industry and agriculture on the right track,'' Mr Jones said.

``There are significant signs the drought has broken, so we are on our way.

``For the first time in a decade farmers are getting good return on products,
which will have a flow-on into their communities.''

Due to the positive outlook, the abattoir will spend $7 million in upgrading the
facility, which will improve employment opportunities.

Dan Tulloch, the transport operator employed by Landmark to cart livestock to
abattoirs, said his work would pick up dramatically as farmers rebuilt animal
numbers. This meant he would have money to spend on truck upgrades at businesses
like the local autoelectrician.

David Norris from Mark Worner Autoelectrician said farmers and truck drivers had
been getting by without spending much on repairs or airconditioning because
things had been tight.

``West Wyalong is reliant on the rural industry to survive,'' Mr Norris said.

It's not just agriculture or machinery businesses that benefit. Diane Kearins
from Pat Kearins Menswear said she was expecting the best Christmas in 10 years.

``When farmers have money so do their wives, who spend in town,'' she said.

Craig Johnston

Mixed sheep and crop farmer

"When farmers have money so does everyone else"

Mr Johnston employs Landmark stock agency to sell his sheep.

With money in the bank, it's time for Mr Johnston to spend some cash at the
local newsagent, the menswear store and the cafe.

Will Dean

Stock and station agent

"If there are less sheep numbers then there is less buyer interest, which means
there are less people in town and less people spending in the shops. It's not
just farmers and agents that suffer in drought"

Landmark employs truck driver Dan Tulloch to cart the sheep

Damien Vanden Bergh

West Wyalong newsagent

"Farmers are the most important industry in town. If they have money then they
will spend it in town and businesses will be able to employ more staff"

Pam Clarke

Thom Dick and Harry's Cafe

"This Christmas will be a good one if farmers get money in the bank"

Pat Kearins'

Menswear

"Fashion is a luxury farmers have lived without during the drought but slowly
they are spending money on new workwear."

Dan Tulloch

Truckie

"As farmers rebuild stock numbers because the drought has broken, work will pick
up for Mr Tulloch who will then spend money for upgrades at places like Mark
Worners auto electrician. Mr Tulloch transports the sheep to GM Scott Abbattoir
at Cootamundra"

Len Jones

Abattoir CEO

"For the first time in a decade farmers are getting good return on products,
which will have a flow-on effect into communities"

Due to the positive agriculture outlook the abattoir will spend $7 million on
expansion and employ more people in the next five years, as well as keeping
local butchers in business

David Norris

Auto electrician

"Farmers and truck drivers will now have more money to spend on vehicle repairs
in local auto businesses"

John Spackman

Nev's Butchery

"It goes around in a cycle, when farmers have money"

The good times flow on to consumers such as the Cowen and Johnston families, who
enjoy locallygrown lamb chops on the barbie. Mr Spackman can also enjoy a few
cold ones at the local tavern.

Top Tavern

"Since the rain, business has improved 20 per cent as the tavern relies on
farmers to survive. It has also bought more meat from the butchery because of
its busy restaurant."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            December 6, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Millions on tap to mend Texas river basin

BYLINE: Farzad Mashhood AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 834 words


In an effort to rebuild the region's deteriorating coastline, a federal agency
on Monday pledged $50 million to a program that will invest in environmental
restoration for one part of the Texas Gulf Coast.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service
identified seven river basins along the coast, including the Lower San Antonio
and Guadalupe river basin in Texas, to take part in at least the first year of
the Gulf of Mexico Initiative. The program is designed to help landowners
identify and pay for ecosystem restoration along the coast.

It requires matching funds from private landowners for habitat restoration of
the deteriorating coast, nearly doubling investment by the federal government,
said James Gore, an assistant chief for the conservation service.

"It's money that stays locally," Gore said. "It's a very direct investment, and
it's cash."

The pledge comes after decades of ecosystem deterioration along the coast, said
Larry McKinney, executive director of the Harte Research Institute at Texas A&M
University-Corpus Christi.

"This will be the largest amount of money brought to help address these
long-term issues and help the Gulf of Mexico maintain that resilience," McKinney
said.

A more resilient Gulf coastline, which has experienced deterioration caused by
development, would be able to recover better after natural and man-made
disasters. Healthy wetlands with native grass act as a natural buffer for storm
surge and cleanup for oil spills, McKinney said.

Three Texas watersheds - the Kuy Creek-Guadalupe River , the Guadalupe
River-South Guadalupe River and the Hynes Bay-San Antonio Bay - are on tap to
receive federal funding. The conservation service will help landowners in the
150,000 acres apply for money to address ecosystem loss, with the government
paying between 50 and 70 percent of the cost, Gore said.

The money will be made available during the next three years, with $20 million
being paid out this fiscal year from the conservation service's general funds,
Gore said. Additional watersheds might receive funding in future years.

The USDA announced the pledge at a summit sponsored by the Harte Research
Institute. The Gulf of Mexico Initiative is part of the final report of the Gulf
Coast Ecosystem Restoration Task Force, a team established by President Barack
Obama after the April 2010 oil spill that highlighted decades of environmental
decline in the Gulf.

Although the Texas coast did not suffer major environmental casualties from the
BP oil spill, future oil harvesting will probably occur closer to Texas,
McKinney said. This creates a greater risk for spills affecting the coast and a
greater need for the state to be prepared for them, he said.

"The best way to prepare for these things is to have a resilient and healthy
ecosystem," he said. "It can absorb a lot of punishment."

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa P. Jackson said at the
summit that the USDA project - an offshoot of an existing national program aimed
at conserving, improving and preserving the nation's watersheds - is the first
of many initiatives she expects to be announced in the coming months.

"I expect a flurry of activity to get some meat on those bones," she said.

The seven river basins identified for immediate assistance are already on the
federal Clean Water Act's list of polluted waterways.

In Texas, Gore said, the conservation service hopes to address high sediment and
nutrient flow into the nearby bays and estuaries, as well as a lack of grass
buffers along rivers and the coastline. The area was chosen because of a
combination of the environmental needs and good relationships between the
conservation service and local landowners, Gore said.

Landowners in the prioritized area can contact a local conservation service
office to apply for funding, Gore said.

In Alabama, the goal of the program in the Weeks Bay watershed is to reduce the
amount of agriculture-related nitrogen, phosphorous and sediment running
downstream, decreasing agriculture's impact on water quality and preserving
wildlife habitats.

In a watershed jointly shared by Alabama and Florida that includes several
creeks that eventually flow into the Gulf, the program is aimed at reducing the
sediments and nutrients that flow into tributaries of the Escambia River. The
USDA believes this will ultimately "improve wildlife habitat and the quality of
water delivered to Pensacola Bay" and the Gulf. The project has similar goals
for another Florida watershed.

In Louisiana, the project will focus on the Barataria-Terrebonne estuary and the
Mermentau basin. The focus will also be on reducing the harm from fertilizers as
they flow downstream from rivers and streams and into the Gulf. In Mississippi,
the program focuses on the Jourdan River.

Officials believe the project will improve water quality for thousands of
residents in Pensacola, Fla.; Mobile, Ala.; and San Antonio.

fmashhood@statesman.com; 445-3972

Additional material from The Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

YP producers wait for inquiry results

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 297 words


YORKE Peninsula landholders were keen to hear the results from a federal
parliamentary inquiry into wind farms.

Central YP is the planned site of the 600 megawatt Ceres project.

Heartland Farmers Group chair Naomi Bittner (pictured), Curramulka, said the
inquiry was needed.

She said group members had concerns about the impact of infrasound, but their
primary concerns centred on potential impacts to local agriculture.

"This is some of the best cropping land in the state," she said.

"Windfarms could impact on aerial spraying in agriculture."

She said there were also concerns about bushfires if water bombers were unable
to fly too close to turbines.

The group put a submission through to the inquiry with their concerns.

Naomi is hopeful results will flow through.

"They have held previous inquiries which have been ignored," she said.

"That was a waste of time and money."

Port Vincent farmer Richard Way also placed an inquiry submission and is waiting
with interest for results.

He believes wind farms can offer benefits to an area with an aeging population.

"It provides jobs and extra money, which is vastly needed in an area like this
(to attract younger people to the region)," he said.

"Young people give life to the community they play in the sports clubs, they
have children that go to kindergarten and keep the schools open."

He said there were also benefits for the agriculture sector with turbines
providing a regular income for landholders.

This money would then flow through to the community.

Richard had travelled to the existing wind farm at Wattle Point near Edithburgh,
which allayed any concerns he may have had about the issue of noise frequency.

"I would've thought if there was a public health issue it would have popped up
at Edithburgh by now," he said.

ELIZABETH ANDERSON

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

YP producers wait for inquiry results

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 297 words


YORKE Peninsula landholders were keen to hear the results from a federal
parliamentary inquiry into wind farms.

Central YP is the planned site of the 600 megawatt Ceres project.

Heartland Farmers Group chair Naomi Bittner (pictured), Curramulka, said the
inquiry was needed.

She said group members had concerns about the impact of infrasound, but their
primary concerns centred on potential impacts to local agriculture.

"This is some of the best cropping land in the state," she said.

"Windfarms could impact on aerial spraying in agriculture."

She said there were also concerns about bushfires if water bombers were unable
to fly too close to turbines.

The group put a submission through to the inquiry with their concerns.

Naomi is hopeful results will flow through.

"They have held previous inquiries which have been ignored," she said.

"That was a waste of time and money."

Port Vincent farmer Richard Way also placed an inquiry submission and is waiting
with interest for results.

He believes wind farms can offer benefits to an area with an aeging population.

"It provides jobs and extra money, which is vastly needed in an area like this
(to attract younger people to the region)," he said.

"Young people give life to the community they play in the sports clubs, they
have children that go to kindergarten and keep the schools open."

He said there were also benefits for the agriculture sector with turbines
providing a regular income for landholders.

This money would then flow through to the community.

Richard had travelled to the existing wind farm at Wattle Point near Edithburgh,
which allayed any concerns he may have had about the issue of noise frequency.

"I would've thought if there was a public health issue it would have popped up
at Edithburgh by now," he said.

ELIZABETH ANDERSON

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

YP producers wait for inquiry results

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 297 words


YORKE Peninsula landholders were keen to hear the results from a federal
parliamentary inquiry into wind farms.

Central YP is the planned site of the 600 megawatt Ceres project.

Heartland Farmers Group chair Naomi Bittner (pictured), Curramulka, said the
inquiry was needed.

She said group members had concerns about the impact of infrasound, but their
primary concerns centred on potential impacts to local agriculture.

"This is some of the best cropping land in the state," she said.

"Windfarms could impact on aerial spraying in agriculture."

She said there were also concerns about bushfires if water bombers were unable
to fly too close to turbines.

The group put a submission through to the inquiry with their concerns.

Naomi is hopeful results will flow through.

"They have held previous inquiries which have been ignored," she said.

"That was a waste of time and money."

Port Vincent farmer Richard Way also placed an inquiry submission and is waiting
with interest for results.

He believes wind farms can offer benefits to an area with an aeging population.

"It provides jobs and extra money, which is vastly needed in an area like this
(to attract younger people to the region)," he said.

"Young people give life to the community they play in the sports clubs, they
have children that go to kindergarten and keep the schools open."

He said there were also benefits for the agriculture sector with turbines
providing a regular income for landholders.

This money would then flow through to the community.

Richard had travelled to the existing wind farm at Wattle Point near Edithburgh,
which allayed any concerns he may have had about the issue of noise frequency.

"I would've thought if there was a public health issue it would have popped up
at Edithburgh by now," he said.

ELIZABETH ANDERSON

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

NABARD projects over '48 K Agri credit potential in State

LENGTH: 970 words

DATELINE: Bhubaneswar


Bhubaneswar, Jan. 31 -- National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(NABARD) has projected an overall credit potential of Rs.47,756.43 crore for
priority sector in State during 2015-16 out of which the agriculture & allied
sector constitutes Rs.26,226.48 crore.

The Ground Level Credit (GLC) flow for Agriculture (Crop loan, Term loan &
Allied agriculture taken together) which was Rs.1,316 Crore in 2003-04, has
increased to Rs. 12,581.66 crore in 2013-14, State Credit Seminar of NABARD
observed.

It felt that the credit flow over the years has increased multifold, but keeping
in view the growth potential in agriculture sector, the pace of Credit flow need
to be accelerated.

Banks need to gear up and come out with a strategy to improve Ground Level
Credit flow to the sector in particular, the Seminar observed.

Agriculture sector assumes considerable significance for the economy of State as
it provides livelihood support to about 60 per cent of the population in the
State.

However, the average farm productivity in the State has a large scope for
improvement across the crops and its geographical spread.

There are extensive areas and regions of low productivity in the State.

The landholdings are dwindling in their size over the years thereby affecting
adoption of modern technology.

The investments in cash crops and allied sectors also need substantial growth.
The State support system for agriculture and allied sector has increased in size
over the years but a lot more has to be done.

For enhancing production and productivity by adopting both intensive and
extensive methods of scientific agricultural practices as also diversification
towards remunerative cash crops and in the allied sectors, capital formation is
absolutely necessary.

While public investments are required for infrastructure and linkage services
like irrigation structures, agri-input supply chain, post-harvest technological
facilities to motivate the farming community for more private investment in host
of on-farm and off-farm activities. As asset creation in these sectors delivers
multiplier effects, term investments from both private resources and the bank
finance has to be encouraged appropriately.

Against this backdrop, the theme of the State Focus Paper for 2015-16 is
christened as "Accelerating the Pace of Capital Formation in Agriculture &
Allied Sectors in Odisha". The State Focus Paper: 2015-16 prepared by the NABARD
at the State level with the active support & inputs of various State level
departments of the State Government and the Banking Institutions.

This Paper takes into consideration the essential contents of the Potential
Linked Credit Plans prepared for all the districts, priorities and current
policies of Government of India / State Government / RBI, and the developmental
perspectives envisaged in the Twelfth Five Year Plan.

The State Focus Paper provides a comprehensive credit projection for all the
sectors / sub-sectors under Priority Sector, based on the regionally
differentiated potential available in all the districts, with focus on the
infrastructural requirement, backward and forward linkages and other support
services that are necessary to harness the same. It also indicates the
opportunities and potentials available, both in physical and financial terms,
for the banks to extend credit on the basis of detailed sectoral development
potential.

It is expected that the Annual Credit Plan (ACP) prepared by banks for ground
level credit dispensation by branches in the district during the year 2015-16
would be in sync with the potentials projected in this document.

Simultaneously, it may also help the State Government to make the required
budgetary provisions for bridging the infrastructure gaps as also make provision
for crucial support services, to promote agriculture sector.

RBI Regional Director P K Jena complimented NABARD for bringing out a
comprehensive document on potential of State to be integrated with the annual
credit plan. Jena said a bottom up approach has been adopted while preparing the
document.

The achievement under agriculture credit plan is not very encouraging, he said
adding KCC disbursements is the actual lending that has gone to the agriculture
sector.

The money earmarked for the farmers is perhaps not reaching them and the reasons
for not being able to achieve the targets need to be examined and analysed, he
added.

He regretted instances where the branch managers did not have a copy of the
credit plan and projections.

The NABARD focus for accelerating capital formation is laudable and
infrastructure is the requirement for warehousing agro processing and marketing
facilities for which specific tailor- made projects, taking into consideration
the family, needs to be prepared, Jena suggested.

He advised Branch Managers to get sensitised and prepare a cluster plan within
their jurisdiction.

realign the service areas for the branches for effective credit delivery His
other suggestions included financial inclusion through BC and other modes,
gauging the importance of technology for sustainability of such efforts, and
capitalizing the network of BCs.

Jena said manpower in the rural branches is a matter of concern for effective
outreach of banking services.

Jena added that one block in each district to be identified and 100 per cent
achievement of all parameters prescribed in the plans have to be achieved. Such
pilots in 30 districts may be launched to achieve 98-99 per cent achievement as
achieved earlier Suggestions were sought from all the bankers for identifying
best practices and assured support for achievement of plan.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Political & Business Daily.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2015 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday

Crown Point water system ailing

BYLINE: Lohr McKinstry, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 751 words


Feb. 16--CROWN POINT -- The Crown Point Town Council heard from a litany of
experts on what it can do to fix its broken water system.

About 40 people came to the Crown Point firehouse recently to listen to a
briefing from consultants and engineers on what's wrong with the system and what
could be done to mend it.

The town's public-water system is full of leaks, has low pressure, and many
water meters are missing or broken, said Liz Tedford of the New York Rural Water
Association.

Part of the problem is that some main lines generate low pressure, she said.

"There are old mains in the hamlet area, and they're small. Small mains don't
produce any pressure."

The water system needs to be upgraded in several areas, she said.

GRANT MONEY

"When improvements are done, try to get as much loan money, grant money, as
possible," Tedford said. "It comes back on the ratepayers to get something
that's affordable."

She said one previous estimate was $2.8 million to repair the system.

"With some money, you could fix some of these issues that are a problem."

Tedford said the town has applied to the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Program for a grant and she suggested also asking for funds from the
State Environmental Facilities Corp.

"They might have money for a project like this. That's hopeful."

Town Councilman Thomas Walters said the work would have to be done with grants.

"If you don't have the money, you don't have the money," he said.

FIRE FLOW

Water pressure less than 20 pounds per square inch is a violation of state
standards, Tedford said, and during fires, that's what it falls to in some
places in the town.

"One of my recommendations is that the town Water Department work in conjunction
with the Fire Department to conduct an assessment during fire-flow events to see
exactly what happens. The State Health Department would have serious concerns
about that and would want you to correct it."

WATER LOSS

Many water systems have a water-loss rate around 30 percent.

"The estimate for Crown Point was 50 percent," Tedford said. "When you have
meters that don't work, you don't know how much water you're using.

"There are a number of leaks the town already knows about. One pipe leaked for a
week; you lost 700,000 gallons of water."

The total water loss in Crown Point is enormous, she said.

"You're losing roughly 50,000 gallons a day, which comes to 18 million gallons
per year. That's kind of crazy."

She said the town's water source is from two wells at the Essex County Fish
Hatchery property in Crown Point.

Meter problems

Tedford said a survey by town workers showed 165 water meters -- on a 400-user
system -- were either missing, didn't have outside readers or were broken.

"Everybody who's got water is supposed to have a working meter."

She recommended setting up a program to repair or install meters where needed.

Town Supervisor Bethany Kosmider said she and the Town Council will discuss
Tedford's report and try to reach a solution.

INFRASTRUCTURE

With Tedford were Rural Water staff members Richard Winters, a water technician,
and Steve Grimm, a wastewater technician. Engineers Jack Dodson of Dodson &
Associates and Todd Hodson of AES Engineering were at the meeting to answer
questions, along with Susan Kennedy and Tamara Venne of the State Department of
Health's Saranac Lake office.

After the gathering, Kosmider said she is grateful for all the help.

"Crown Point has many troubles, and we, as board members, will have to strive
toward improving our infrastructure. Working with agencies is a better
alternative than continuing in the old ways of ignoring problems."

'FAiR SHARE'

Kosmider said the water system is $45,000 in debt and has to adjust rates and
make sure all users are billed.

"Everyone has to pay their fair share. This is a serious issue. We are
accountable to the state of New York and the very people who pay our wages --
the citizens of Crown Point."

Tedford said she's spent significant time in Crown Point compiling the study.

"I've been in and out of Crown Point since September. People were cooperative
and helpful. I'm just telling you what I found."

E-mail Lohr McKinstry at: lmckinstry@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110216-ZI-Crown-Point-water-system-ailing-0216-20110216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2011 The Press-Republican


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 26, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. to Pay Farmers to Shoo Cows Off City's Watershed

BYLINE: By ANDREW C. REVKIN

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 838 words


In a move aimed at cutting the flow of pollution and parasites into New York
City's drinking water, the United States Agriculture Department plans to unveil
a $10.4 million program today that will pay farmers to stop growing crops and
grazing cattle along streams feeding the city's upstate reservoirs.

The goal is to transform the banks of 165 miles of watershed streams from easily
eroded cropland or pasture into pollution-filtering buffer zones of grassland
and forest, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said in a statement to be
released today.

Farmers who abandon fields along streams will be paid a yearly fee of $100 to
$150 an acre for the loss of the use of their land, agriculture officials said.

Several dairy farmers living near the reservoirs expressed cautious interest in
the program yesterday.

David Post, whose grandson belongs to the eighth generation of his family to
work their 200-year-old farm in Stamford, said he recognized the value of having
forested areas, cool streams for trout and banks untrammeled by cow hooves. If
the money is sufficient to compensate for the loss of prime land, he said, then
plenty of farmers will sign up.

"This will probably work all right," he said. "I'm a hunter and fisherman, I
like to see wildlife. And, believe it or not, I'd just as soon send the cleanest
water down there that we can -- as long as it doesn't impact me and my family."

The money, to be paid to farmers under contracts lasting 10 to 15 years, is a
tiny fraction of the $600 million New York City has already committed to
spending to prevent pollution of its far-flung water supply.

But by providing a strong financial incentive to farmers to move plows and cows
back from stream banks, the Federal project is expected to significantly improve
water quality, city environmental officials said yesterday.

Anything that has the potential to eliminate the sight of a herd of cows wading
and defecating in water bound for city faucets is welcome, said Joel A. Miele,
the city's Commissioner of Environmental Protection.

For decades, such sights have been commonplace around several of the city's
largest reservoirs, in rural regions west of the Hudson River. "I quiver when I
think about it," Mr. Miele said. "Hopefully we'll see less and less of that.

"I recognize the fact that the farmers need every bit of acreage they've got
there to stay economically viable. This program thanks the farmers financially
for giving up that little bit."

Ninety percent of the city's drinking water starts out as runoff in rural hills
100 miles to the northwest, in the Catskills and Delaware River Valley, where
the water trickles across farmers' fields and picks up undesirable silt,
chemicals, nutrients that promote algae growth, and intestinal parasites before
traveling downstream into reservoirs and eventually city taps.

Almost all of these contaminants are naturally removed from the water as it
flows toward the city, but Federal environmental officials have increasingly
pressed the city to either bolster protection of its water at the source or
build a $6 billion filtration plant. New York is one of the few cities in the
nation whose water is not filtered.

The Agriculture Department initiative will complement the work of several city
programs created in the last four years. Gale Sheridan, executive director of
the Watershed Agricultural Council, a quasi-public, city-funded agency that
encourages farmers to reduce pollution, said the Federal program "gives a chance
for farmers to get an annual payment that they can use to rent land further from
the water."

"That keeps them in business, and helps us have better water quality," he said.

The new program in the New York City watersheds is a variant of a long-standing
national program, the Conservation Reserve Program, that encourages farmers to
leave some sensitive lands fallow. But the payments offered were too low to
attract farmers in upstate New York, where fertile valley-bottom land for dairy
herds has always been a coveted commodity.

The New York program, limited to the 350 farmers whose fields drain into the
city water supply, effectively doubles the payments offered under the
Conservation Reserve Program.

Related efforts to reduce farmland runoff using Agriculture Department money
have already begun in Maryland, where farm pollution has tainted Chesapeake Bay,
and in Illinois and Minnesota, where rivers are similarly suffering, agriculture
officials said.

In New York, $7.7 million of the program's $10.4 million cost will be paid by
the Agriculture Department, with the remaining $2.7 million to be paid by New
York City, department officials said.

Timothy D. Searchinger, a lawyer for the Environmental Defense Fund, a private
group based in New York, said farmers in the Northeast cannot survive
financially without this kind of compensation. "Probably the only way to
preserve farming there is if these dairy farmers produce not only milk, but
environmental benefits," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Federal Government is offering farmers money to keep their
dairy cows, like these fording a stream in Delaware County in 1997, away from
streams that feed New York City's reservoirs. (Suzanne DeChillo/The New York
Times)


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday

Farmers in crisis: Dairy, pork producers struggle with low prices

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1221 words


Jul. 7--WORTHINGTON -- Minnesota's hog industry has experienced one of the
longest economic downturns in memory, and when the H1N1 novel influenza broke
earlier this spring, its swine flu reference only compounded the problem.

At the same time, the state's dairy industry went from a very profitable cycle
into an economic disaster seemingly overnight.

Both sectors point to high feed costs as one of the reasons for their current
demise, and without a crystal ball, no one knows just how long the low prices
will continue.

One thing is for sure -- farmers won't be able to weather the storm forever.

On Thursday, the Southwest Minnesota Dairy Profit Team will host a meeting for
the region's dairy producers to brainstorm ideas to get through the financial
woes without making dramatic impacts to their milking operations. Merri Post of
Chandler coordinates the group.

"Farmers are getting prices they got in 1978," said Post. "The expenses are so
much higher, and the cash flows just don't work right now."

Post said some of the region's dairy farmers are restructuring their debt or
taking out operating loans just to get through the economic downturn -- avenues
that are concerning not only to producers, but to bankers as well.

"I think when (the public) sees prices low, they think (farmers) just don't make
money," Post said. "They don't realize that the farmers are borrowing money."

And when the market rebounds, those same farmers will be paying off their debts,
with interest, before they can return to a positive cash flow. Post said that
will take time -- especially with some dairies losing upwards of $40,000 per
month.

To put it into perspective, Post said to imagine going into a car dealership and
buying the nicest Cadillac Escalade on the lot, then coming home and driving it
right into the manure pit. The next month, do the same thing again.

In the pork industry, a Minnesota Pork Producers Association (MPPA) fact sheet
shows that hog farmers have operated at a loss for 18 of the past 20 months.
June and July ordinarily contribute to a market rally in the hog industry with
the grilling season, but that hasn't happened this year because of continued
fallout from the H1N1 influenza virus.

Curt Johnson, Minnesota Pork Board vice president and rural Jasper hog farmer,
said he's seen some pork producers liquidate sow herds, while others aren't
refilling grower and finisher barns.

"Some producers maybe have said enough is enough and are liquidating their
sows," Johnson said. "Some barns are sitting empty right now due to the fact
that they can't afford to refill them and can't afford the feed.

"You definitely will see more and more barns being emptied until this turns
around," he added.

Feed and fuel costs have made it impossible for pork producers to break even.
Data from MPPA shows that the average cost to produce one market pig in 2009 is
$141, while the average price paid for that pig is $115 -- leading to a loss of
$26 per head. Multiply that by the 2,400 head grown in a typical finishing barn
in a year, and it amounts to a staggering $62,400 loss.

"Basically our input costs have gotten out of hand and the price hasn't adjusted
for that," Johnson said. "In April, we thought we were going to turn a corner
and then H1N1 hit us.

"The price for pork has gone down quite a bit since April," he added.

The pork industry continues to suffer from an export market that has not
reopened in several parts around the world, with the greatest losses coming from
closed markets in Mexico, Russia and China.

Johnson said the pork industry is working hard to get those export markets back,
but it will take time. Meanwhile, the industry is working with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture on a proposal to shift pork product into the country's
food program.

"That's something we can do without going to Congress," Johnson said. "That
would offer more immediate help."

As it awaits word on the potential market for their pork products, Johnson said
the industry is putting a lot more emphasis on the safety of pork products.

"We continue to promote our product. That's what we can do best," he added.

Impact on rural economy

David Weinand, grants administrator with the Minnesota Department of Agriculture
, said the ripple effect of one dairy cow on the state's economy is $15,524 in
one year. Of that, $5,000 is a direct economic impact, with the remainder an
indirect impact on other industries such as local feed companies, milk haulers,
the creamery and the veterinarian.

In Minnesota's pork industry, the direct impact to the economy is measured as
approximately $2,000 per sow, Weinand said.

"Livestock is what keeps southwest Minnesota alive," said Post, the rural
Chandler dairy farmer. "You look at all the small towns ... you take the feed
mills in those towns and look around and see what livestock keeps alive in those
towns. Livestock brings more money locally. It keeps our school systems open,
and it keeps our communities (from dying).

"That's what scares me about losing livestock," she added.

With banks lending money to both dairy and pork producers just to keep them in
business, both Post and Johnson wonder how long it can last.

"Lending institutions are kind of tight right now, too," said Johnson. "They
don't have a lot of equity to (give) the pork producer now when they can't
produce a profit. I'm seeing a lot of that right now after 18 months of losing
money."

If more and more pork producers go out of business, he said it will be a hit to
a lot of other industries, from construction companies to electricians.

"You will see job losses," Johnson said. "It's going to be a huge effect on our
local economy."

Post fears that in the dairy industry, producers will try shortcuts that won't
be easily turned around when the market rebounds.

"We are seeing some cutbacks on cows -- culling quicker," she said. "The sad
part is, where do you cut? It's tough decisions right now.

"I tell people to find stuff you don't need and sell it. If you don't need it,
you get rid of it," she added. "If you have an animal that's a pet -- if you've
got horses you don't need, they're not worth anything either, but you can't
afford to feed them."

Economic downturns are nothing new, and those in the livestock industry have
seen their share over the years. In the pork industry, Johnson said he's never
seen economic losses drag on this long -- 18 months. In the dairy industry, Post
said what farmers need is to have the grain markets drop to a level more
affordable for those who raise livestock.

"The theory is grain is going to have to fall," she said. "We're losing a lot of
livestock."

And if those livestock producers go out of business, what happens then?

"What's different about this low than another one, if you quit milking, then
what? You get a job in town?" asked Post. "There isn't anything right now.

"In the past lows the economy was doing better, and they could go to town to get
a job."

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090707-QG-Farmers-in-crisis-0707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                                 Copyright 2009


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday

Farmers in crisis: Dairy, pork producers struggle with low prices

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1221 words


Jul. 7--WORTHINGTON -- Minnesota's hog industry has experienced one of the
longest economic downturns in memory, and when the H1N1 novel influenza broke
earlier this spring, its swine flu reference only compounded the problem.

At the same time, the state's dairy industry went from a very profitable cycle
into an economic disaster seemingly overnight.

Both sectors point to high feed costs as one of the reasons for their current
demise, and without a crystal ball, no one knows just how long the low prices
will continue.

One thing is for sure -- farmers won't be able to weather the storm forever.

On Thursday, the Southwest Minnesota Dairy Profit Team will host a meeting for
the region's dairy producers to brainstorm ideas to get through the financial
woes without making dramatic impacts to their milking operations. Merri Post of
Chandler coordinates the group.

"Farmers are getting prices they got in 1978," said Post. "The expenses are so
much higher, and the cash flows just don't work right now."

Post said some of the region's dairy farmers are restructuring their debt or
taking out operating loans just to get through the economic downturn -- avenues
that are concerning not only to producers, but to bankers as well.

"I think when (the public) sees prices low, they think (farmers) just don't make
money," Post said. "They don't realize that the farmers are borrowing money."

And when the market rebounds, those same farmers will be paying off their debts,
with interest, before they can return to a positive cash flow. Post said that
will take time -- especially with some dairies losing upwards of $40,000 per
month.

To put it into perspective, Post said to imagine going into a car dealership and
buying the nicest Cadillac Escalade on the lot, then coming home and driving it
right into the manure pit. The next month, do the same thing again.

In the pork industry, a Minnesota Pork Producers Association (MPPA) fact sheet
shows that hog farmers have operated at a loss for 18 of the past 20 months.
June and July ordinarily contribute to a market rally in the hog industry with
the grilling season, but that hasn't happened this year because of continued
fallout from the H1N1 influenza virus.

Curt Johnson, Minnesota Pork Board vice president and rural Jasper hog farmer,
said he's seen some pork producers liquidate sow herds, while others aren't
refilling grower and finisher barns.

"Some producers maybe have said enough is enough and are liquidating their
sows," Johnson said. "Some barns are sitting empty right now due to the fact
that they can't afford to refill them and can't afford the feed.

"You definitely will see more and more barns being emptied until this turns
around," he added.

Feed and fuel costs have made it impossible for pork producers to break even.
Data from MPPA shows that the average cost to produce one market pig in 2009 is
$141, while the average price paid for that pig is $115 -- leading to a loss of
$26 per head. Multiply that by the 2,400 head grown in a typical finishing barn
in a year, and it amounts to a staggering $62,400 loss.

"Basically our input costs have gotten out of hand and the price hasn't adjusted
for that," Johnson said. "In April, we thought we were going to turn a corner
and then H1N1 hit us.

"The price for pork has gone down quite a bit since April," he added.

The pork industry continues to suffer from an export market that has not
reopened in several parts around the world, with the greatest losses coming from
closed markets in Mexico, Russia and China.

Johnson said the pork industry is working hard to get those export markets back,
but it will take time. Meanwhile, the industry is working with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture on a proposal to shift pork product into the country's
food program.

"That's something we can do without going to Congress," Johnson said. "That
would offer more immediate help."

As it awaits word on the potential market for their pork products, Johnson said
the industry is putting a lot more emphasis on the safety of pork products.

"We continue to promote our product. That's what we can do best," he added.

Impact on rural economy

David Weinand, grants administrator with the Minnesota Department of Agriculture
, said the ripple effect of one dairy cow on the state's economy is $15,524 in
one year. Of that, $5,000 is a direct economic impact, with the remainder an
indirect impact on other industries such as local feed companies, milk haulers,
the creamery and the veterinarian.

In Minnesota's pork industry, the direct impact to the economy is measured as
approximately $2,000 per sow, Weinand said.

"Livestock is what keeps southwest Minnesota alive," said Post, the rural
Chandler dairy farmer. "You look at all the small towns ... you take the feed
mills in those towns and look around and see what livestock keeps alive in those
towns. Livestock brings more money locally. It keeps our school systems open,
and it keeps our communities (from dying).

"That's what scares me about losing livestock," she added.

With banks lending money to both dairy and pork producers just to keep them in
business, both Post and Johnson wonder how long it can last.

"Lending institutions are kind of tight right now, too," said Johnson. "They
don't have a lot of equity to (give) the pork producer now when they can't
produce a profit. I'm seeing a lot of that right now after 18 months of losing
money."

If more and more pork producers go out of business, he said it will be a hit to
a lot of other industries, from construction companies to electricians.

"You will see job losses," Johnson said. "It's going to be a huge effect on our
local economy."

Post fears that in the dairy industry, producers will try shortcuts that won't
be easily turned around when the market rebounds.

"We are seeing some cutbacks on cows -- culling quicker," she said. "The sad
part is, where do you cut? It's tough decisions right now.

"I tell people to find stuff you don't need and sell it. If you don't need it,
you get rid of it," she added. "If you have an animal that's a pet -- if you've
got horses you don't need, they're not worth anything either, but you can't
afford to feed them."

Economic downturns are nothing new, and those in the livestock industry have
seen their share over the years. In the pork industry, Johnson said he's never
seen economic losses drag on this long -- 18 months. In the dairy industry, Post
said what farmers need is to have the grain markets drop to a level more
affordable for those who raise livestock.

"The theory is grain is going to have to fall," she said. "We're losing a lot of
livestock."

And if those livestock producers go out of business, what happens then?

"What's different about this low than another one, if you quit milking, then
what? You get a job in town?" asked Post. "There isn't anything right now.

"In the past lows the economy was doing better, and they could go to town to get
a job."

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090707-QG-Farmers-in-crisis-0707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                                 Copyright 2009


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Northern Miner (Australia)

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday
                             NorthernMiner Edition

New cuts spell trouble

BYLINE: RACING Morgan Oss

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 370 words


CUTS to country racing funding has Member for Dalrymple Shane Knuth concerned
local race meets could be under threat.

Knuth said Katter's Australia Party was opposed to all country racing cuts and
that the party would play the numbers game in parliament to stamp out any
financial rollbacks.

Racing Queensland (RQ) released its Tracking Towards Sustainability report last
week and proposed cancelling 60 country rate meets and slashing $18 million in
prize money across the state.

This includes $4.6 million to country racing prize money.

The state government announced it will pump $21 million into country racing
across the state, to help country race meets deal with the RQ cuts in the
short-term.

Agriculture Minister Bill Byrne said the money would help country racing clubs
achieve greater independence without having to rely on RQ.

"(Of the money) $13 million will go towards compensating for the loss of funding
from RQ," he said on Thursday.

"It will also fully replace the funding withdrawn by Racing Queensland, by
providing $4 million a year for two years from July 2016, when RQ's other
measures were planned to start." But the Opposition has criticised Labor, saying
the party's true intentions to "cut, slash and attack the racing industry" have
now been revealed.

"All year I have been championing the push to retain funding for country racing
and (this) announcement is a huge blow to the industry," Shadow Racing Minister
Jann Stuckey said. "The industry is already angry and upset at being used as a
political football by Racing Minister Bill Byrne and (this) is another slap in
the face." Knuth said he was concerned about the flow on effects the cuts could
have to rural communities.

"The more you cut, the less jockeys, trainers, participants and meetings and
that means less flow on effects to benefit communities," he said.

"When you look at 3000 attending (the Charters Towers Amateurs), that is a
culmination of money spent on beverages, clothing, food, accommodation, beauty
and hairdressing services - the flow on just doesn't stop.

"One minute (the government) are offering a bit of a sweetener and then the next
they are taking it back off you."We will be opposing any cuts to country racing,
full stop."

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Miner


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Northern Miner (Australia)

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday
                             NorthernMiner Edition

New cuts spell trouble

BYLINE: RACING Morgan Oss

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 370 words


CUTS to country racing funding has Member for Dalrymple Shane Knuth concerned
local race meets could be under threat.

Knuth said Katter's Australia Party was opposed to all country racing cuts and
that the party would play the numbers game in parliament to stamp out any
financial rollbacks.

Racing Queensland (RQ) released its Tracking Towards Sustainability report last
week and proposed cancelling 60 country rate meets and slashing $18 million in
prize money across the state.

This includes $4.6 million to country racing prize money.

The state government announced it will pump $21 million into country racing
across the state, to help country race meets deal with the RQ cuts in the
short-term.

Agriculture Minister Bill Byrne said the money would help country racing clubs
achieve greater independence without having to rely on RQ.

"(Of the money) $13 million will go towards compensating for the loss of funding
from RQ," he said on Thursday.

"It will also fully replace the funding withdrawn by Racing Queensland, by
providing $4 million a year for two years from July 2016, when RQ's other
measures were planned to start." But the Opposition has criticised Labor, saying
the party's true intentions to "cut, slash and attack the racing industry" have
now been revealed.

"All year I have been championing the push to retain funding for country racing
and (this) announcement is a huge blow to the industry," Shadow Racing Minister
Jann Stuckey said. "The industry is already angry and upset at being used as a
political football by Racing Minister Bill Byrne and (this) is another slap in
the face." Knuth said he was concerned about the flow on effects the cuts could
have to rural communities.

"The more you cut, the less jockeys, trainers, participants and meetings and
that means less flow on effects to benefit communities," he said.

"When you look at 3000 attending (the Charters Towers Amateurs), that is a
culmination of money spent on beverages, clothing, food, accommodation, beauty
and hairdressing services - the flow on just doesn't stop.

"One minute (the government) are offering a bit of a sweetener and then the next
they are taking it back off you."We will be opposing any cuts to country racing,
full stop."

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Miner


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Banks urged to be flexible with farmers due to grain backlog

BYLINE: Jennifer Graham, The Canadian Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: REGINA


Saskatchewan's agriculture minister wants financial institutions to cut farmers
some slack because of a grain transportation backlog.

Lyle Stewart says he has written to all banks in the province urging them to be
flexible with farmers facing a cash crunch because their grain isn't getting to
market.

"I think the banks will recognize that there's lots of value in the grain in
those producers' bins and they'll be flexible, but I felt it appropriate to
suggest that to them, that producers are a pretty good risk and we'd ask for
some flexibility," Stewart said Wednesday.

Saskatchewan producers harvested a record crop of 38.4 million tonnes last year,
but much of the crop is sitting in bins because of railway transportation
delays.

Farmers don't get paid until the grain gets to market.

"I know that cash flow is very tight for some of them, that's for sure," said
Stewart. "When it comes right down to it, they have a lot of money tied up in
their grain inventory, hundreds of thousands, in some cases millions of dollars,
and so they're a long ways from bankrupt.

"But certainly cash flow is a serious issue, particularly as we get closer to
seeding and that time of the year when producers need to spend a lot of money."

The Alberta Federation of Agriculture, the British Columbia Agricultural
Council, the Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan and Manitoba's
Keystone

Agricultural Producers have warned the backlog is so bad that some farmers won't
have enough cash to pay for seeding this year.

Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall said Monday that it may be time for the federal
government to mandate service agreements or mandate the number of rail cars to
get grain moving.

Liberal MP Ralph Goodale said federal Transport Minister Lisa Raitt should use
emergency powers under the Canada Transportation Act to get grain moving.
Goodale said the law allows the minister to step in when there's "an
extraordinary disruption" in the effective continued operation of the national
transportation system.

"That's what we've got here. We've got major chaos in western grain handling and
transportation," the Regina MP said.

Railways blame the backlog on the size of the harvest and cold weather. They say
they must use shorter trains during freezing temperatures to ensure brakes can
be used properly - and that means less capacity.

Goodale said part of the problem is getting the capacity in locomotive power and
rolling stock, the cars used to move the grain.

"The railways have not gone out and acquired that locomotive power. Some of the
railways have in the United States. The Canadian railways have not. CP, in fact,
has reduced its locomotive power this winter," he said.

"So one of the orders would be, I would think, make sure you've got the
capacity, both in rolling stock, but especially in locomotive power, to be able
to move this crop."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Troy Fleece, Leader-Post Files; Saskatchewan wants the federal
government to immediately oversee talks between grain companies and railways.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          MAY 9, 1999 Sunday D EDITION

BRINGING UP BABY CAN BE QUITE EXPENSIVE START SAVING EARLY, EXPERTS SAY. IT
COSTS $224,000 TO RAISE A CHILD TO AGE 17. AND THAT DOESN'T INCLUDE COLLEGE.

BYLINE: Mary Vanac, KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 829 words


Stacey and David Sullivan are preparing for the birth of their first child.

In March, they attended their first childbirth class, which will help them get
physically and emotionally ready.

The Sullivans, of Parma, Ohio, also visited their insurance agent to find out
about increasing their life-insurance coverage. And they checked in on the
builder who is completing their new house.

These and other financial steps, often overlooked in the excitement of a coming
baby, will help the Sullivans get ready for the cost of raising their child.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that it costs $224,000 for the
average two-income couple, such as the Sullivans, to raise a child to age 17.
That doesn't include college.

But there are many things parents-to-be can do to keep their finances healthy as
their families grow.

For instance, the Sullivans started planning for children early, Stacey Sullivan
said.

They decided they would wait to have children until Stacey was out of graduate
school and both she and her husband had steady jobs. The couple also saved
enough money so having a baby wasn't going to be a concern, Sullivan said.

Here are some other issues for parents to consider:

Cash flow. "They should look at their cash flow prior to the baby versus after,"
said Pam Moore, education director for the Consumer Credit Counseling Service, a
nationwide group.

For instance, cash flow could decrease if one parent quits or curtails work to
care for the baby. But cash flow could increase because that parent likely
wouldn't be driving as much, which means lower transportation costs.

The cost of products such as diapers or services such as child care, often the
largest ongoing cost for new parents, also cuts cash flow. Meanwhile, food costs
also will rise, as will utility bills, thanks to many more loads of wash.

Medical insurance. It's important to find out what costs your medical insurance
covers before you get pregnant. Many health-care plans don't kick in until you
work for an employer for several months. Some plans require that you pay upfront
fees, pay a portion of delivery costs, or follow certain rules, such as
attending birthing classes.

Ask your employer about any other baby-related benefits. By federal law, new
parents are entitled to 12 weeks of unpaid leave from their jobs, if their
employers have 50 or more workers.

Medical insurance and other benefits are maintained during the leave. And
parents must get the same or a similar job when they return to work.

Life insurance. "Life insurance is meant for two things - to replace an income
during a child's growing years, or to pay estate taxes at the time of death,"
said Kathryn M. Kendall, a financial planner in Barberton, Ohio.

A will. Another way to secure your child's financial future is through a will.
Everyone should have one, especially parents. They use their wills to name a
guardian for their children.

Being a smart consumer. Buying used baby clothes and equipment can cut the cost
of setting up a nursery, Moore of the Consumer Credit Counseling Service said.

But make sure equipment - especially safety equipment, such as car seats - meets
current safety standards. Check out used items by calling the Consumer Product
Safety Commission's hotline at 1-800-638-2772 or the Juvenile Products
Manufacturers Association, in Moorestown, N.J., at 609-231-8500.

Other tips. Clip coupons; use a baby gift registry at a retailer such as Target
or USA Baby; sign up for free goods from department stores or magazines; ask
friends and family for hand-me-downs.

"Instead of buying baby food, some pediatricians will allow parents to make
their own baby food," Moore suggested.

Child care. Start shopping for child care at least four months before your child
is born, said Nancy A. Flogge, a financial adviser for American Express
Financial Advisors Inc.

An early start gives you time to budget for the additional cost.

College planning. Start saving for college, even though this expense seems a
long way off.

"A lot of times, parents will get [gift] money around this time. Start some sort
of investing for the child," suggested Flogge.

A good place to start is an Education Individual Retirement Account, which
allows you to set aside up to $500 a year after federal income taxes. Your child
will not pay taxes on the money or its future earnings if it is used for
college.

Custodial bank or investment accounts also are popular, said Mike Kolk, an
Akron, Ohio, accountant. You can put money in the account, which has your
child's name and Social Security number. Your child's account can earn $700 of
interest or dividends a year without paying income tax, Kolk said. The next $700
is taxed at 15 percent. After $1,400, the income is taxed at the parents' rate.

When your child reaches age 14, different tax rules apply. And when your child
turns 18, the account becomes his or her property.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
A new mother meets her baby. Financial considerations, such as cash flow, a will
and insurance, are important when planning to start a family. (KAREN STALLWOOD,
Dallas Morning News)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

Oklahoma needs to position itself to be a player in biofuel market, energy
secretary says

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 854  words


Oklahoma Secretary of Energy David S. Fleischaker says the state has the
potential to be a major player in a quickly expanding U.S. biofuels industry.
'The fusion of agriculture, biotechnology and energy industries creates an
opportunity for our state in the emerging biofuel sector," he said. Federal help
is available. "We have a federal government that is now fully engaged in
alternative fuels," he said.

"There will be a lot of money handed out in Washington, D.C., and I want
Oklahoma to be at the front of the line for the money. "I want to put Oklahoma
on the biofuel map," he said. Oklahoma's energy and agriculture industries
provide a major advantage for the state, Fleischaker said. "By moving into
biomass we are playing to our strengths," he said. The state can leverage its 34
million crop acres, along with crop-related infrastructure, and the oil and
natural gas industry and related infrastructure, including five refineries,
storage facilities and pipelines. "The agriculture and the energy industries are
very similar," he said. "They both harvest the sun. " Fleischaker said there are
three major reasons for the U.S. to promote biofuel production - national
security, the environment and economic well-being. Reducing the nation's
dependence on foreign oil supplies is a major concern. "The nation's security
concerns give this issue good legs today," he said. "We have military and
intelligence experts telling us we have to do this today. " The flow of money
out of the country, much of it going to countries with hostile attitudes toward
the U.S., concerns Fleischaker. "We need to stop the flow of our wealth abroad
to unfriendly countries and improve our environment," he said. Ethanol and
biodiesel production in Oklahoma will boost the economy with jobs created at
refineries, in agriculture, for transportation and at storage facilities for
both biofuels and feedstocks. The potential of Oklahoma's biofuel industry will
be the main topic at "Grow: The Oklahoma Governor's Conference on Biofuels" Oct.
3-4 at the University of Oklahoma in Norman. Speakers at the conference will
include James Woolsey, a Tulsa native and former director of the Central
Intelligence Agency. He will discuss the relationship between national security,
dependence on foreign oil and the development of alternative transportation
fuels. Existing research facilities provide an advantage for Oklahoma,
Fleischaker said. Biofuel and feed stock research is currently being conducted
at Oklahoma State University, the University of Oklahoma, Cameron University and
at the Noble Foundation in Ardmore. Cameron University received a $150,000 grant
to study the feasibility of establishing a plant to produce ethanol from
mesquite. The grant from the Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education is part
of the State Regents Economic Development Grant Program. Cameron is studying the
feasibility of locating the mesquite-to-ethanol plant in southwest Oklahoma.
Ceres Inc., a plant biotechnology company based in Thousand Oaks, Calif., and
the Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation in Ardmore have an agreement for a long-term
collaboration for the development and commercialization of new, advanced biomass
crops, including switchgrass, for ethanol production. Switchgrass is a perennial
crop, which provides an advantage, Fleischaker said. Switchgrass has shown the
potential to be productive in regions and on lands incapable of supporting
traditional food crops. "The Noble Foundation has the money, the scientists and
the history for the research," he said. "They have hundreds of farmers and
ranchers they have been working with for years to provide feedback. "
Switchgrass production in Oklahoma currently averages about 5 tons per acre. The
Noble Foundation seeks to increase production to 7 to 9 tons per acre. Research
at OU and OSU includes investigating a better process to strip the oil off
seeds, improving conversion technology for biodiesel, developing a better
biodiesel product for storage and transportation and making gasification more
cost effective. ConocoPhillips has its major research and development facilities
in Bartlesville and Ponca City, which provides another advantage for Oklahoma,
he said. "We have the research facilities and a lot of land that is compatible
to produce feedstock crops," Fleischaker said. Multiple sources of feed stock
are needed for biodiesel and ethanol production, he said. "Prairie grasses like
switchgrass are very resilient so during a time of drought, when some crops have
low production, switch grass will still grow," Fleischaker said. "Switchgrass
can be a hedge against other crops that might have a bad production year. "
Producers also have to realize the cost of feedstock crops will vary from year
to year with production levels, he said. Farmers and ranchers will need
government subsidies, he said. "We will still need to subsidize the crops and
there is nothing wrong with that," the energy secretary said. "There is nothing
wrong with socializing this risk. "Do you want to pay the farmer riding a
tractor or do you want to pay a sheik driving a Mercedes Benz?"

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 2, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Agriculture Secretary Says Drought Aid Is Premature

BYLINE: By JULIE JOHNSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 8, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 866 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 1


Although noting that the prospects are ''bleak'' for any immediate relief from
the drought gripping much of the Farm Belt, Agriculture Secretary Richard E.
Lyng said today that it was premature to consider Federal aid or other cash
payments to assist farmers.

Mr. Lyng said the Reagan Administration was optimistic, however, that a
legislative program on farm aid could be developed, if needed, before Congress
recessed for its August vacation.

His remarks were made to journalists at the White House after Mr. Lyng briefed
the President on the farm crisis for the fourth time in recent weeks.

''To get into writing checks to farmers for relief to help them, to tide them
over, almost needs to await the normal harvest period so that they can compare
what they are harvesting, and you just can't do that on the first of July,'' Mr.
Lyng told reporters.  Program Cost Not Discussed Marlin Fitzwater, the
President's spokesman, said that the cost of such legislation was not discussed
at the White House meeting today.

Mr. Lyng noted that the drought, a result of the driest spring in 50 years, had
spread to an increasingly large area of the United States. And, he said, despite
recent rains and cooler temperatures in some regions, ''the drought continues to
expand.''

''If you look at the 30-day forecast or the six- to 10-day forecast, the
prospects are bleak,'' he said.

The current 30-day weather forecast calls for precipitation that continues to
fall below normal levels.

He gave the President a report from senior officials in the Department of
Agriculture and six other agencies that included these points:

* Cash prices for wheat and corn are up 35 percent to 60 percent since early
May, with oat prices nearly doubled. In turn, cattle prices have been driven
down by distress sales because of feed shortages in some areas of the country.

* Crop prospects are worsening, with each of the 17 major corn-producing states
rating one-fourth or more of the corn crop poor to very poor; 12 of the 19 major
soybean-producing states also rate 25 percent of their crops as poor to very
poor.

* Sharp increases in crop prices and declining supplies could mean a drop in
farm export volumes and reductions in the use of Federal agricultural export
subsidies and the Export Enhancement Program.

Mr. Lyng, reflecting the adjusted estimate by the Department of Agriculture,
said that if major crop yields were reduced by 10 to 25 percent - as now appears
possible - American consumers would inevitably see an increase in food prices.

He placed that rise at 1 percent this year and, perhaps, up to 2 percent in
1989.

''That's a pretty big jump in food prices on top of what we already have,'' Mr.
Lyng said, adding that cereals and products that use soybeans or soybean oil
will be among the supermarket products to increase more quickly. ''When they go
up by even 1 percent or 2 percent next year, people will think that's quite a
lot,'' he said.

If the drought continues, he said, ''I suspect that the Congress and the
Administration will see that we need to help with money.''

In the Senate, where about 40 members represent states affected by the drought,
nine farm relief bills have been introduced, according to a Senate Agriculture
Committee staff member.

House Assessing Drought

By contrast, things are moving a bit more slowly in the House, where members are
still trying to assess the full extent of the drought.

A House Agriculture Committee aide said, however, that a farm relief bill could
probably be crafted and passed by harvest time despite the fact that the
legislative calendar is interrupted by Democratic and Republican Presidential
nominating conventions in July and August and a four-week recess that ends after
Labor Day.

''What we've got here is a situation which is coming close to being a national
disaster if it continues,'' said the House aide. ''That's particularly true in
the Corn Belt where in the next couple of weeks corn will be in its tassling
stage. If kernels are not forming on those ears of corn, that's probably when
the full extent of the drought will be known.'' ----Major Rivers at Record Low
WASHINGTON, July 1 (AP) - The nation's three largest rivers set a combined
low-water record in June, running 45 percent below normal for the month, the
United States Geological Survey reported today.

The June flow of the largest rivers -the Mississippi, the St. Lawrence and the
Columbia - marked a decline from May, when their flow was 37 percent below
normal, the survey reported. Their total flow had been 8 percent below average
in April, which is considered within the normal range.

The combined flow of the three rivers averaged 481 billion gallons a day in
June, the agency said. The lowest previous combined June flow for the three, in
60 years of record keeping, was 484 billion gallons a day, in 1934.

Experts monitor the rivers as a quick check of the nation's surface water
resources, since they drain about half of the 48 contiguous states.

Falling river levels, resulting from the nation's drought, have stalled barge
traffic, threatened water quality and reduced availability of water for drinking
and other uses.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Ervin Schulz digging a path for rainwater to drain into his
cornfield in Hansen, Neb. (AP)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            March 10, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Fair board stays optimistic about cash-flow future

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 610 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Board expects at least $9.2 million worth of improvements in the next 15 years.

The future of State Fair Park will be left dangling for as long as it takes
state lawmakers to decide if they want dueling master plans done to determine if
the state fair or University of Nebraska-Lincoln should be its anchor tenant of
the future.

But there were at least two signals Friday the fair board is getting on with
business as it awaits action from the Legislature's Agriculture Committee on a
possible first step toward the fair being moved.

* The fair's leadership wheeled out a cash-flow projection that suggests it will
have at least $9.2 million to spend on improvements during the next 15 years.

* Barney Cosner, the fair's executive director, said he expects to have a report
by late March on the estimated cost of repairs and renovations to the 4-H Youth
Complex and the Industrial Arts Building.

The board decided to do a cash flow projection after UNL Chancellor Harvey
Perlman, a fair board member, suggested there would never be enough money left
over from annual budgets to deal with decaying infrastructure.

Cosner and Assistant Executive Director Joe McDermott sounded upbeat about the
cash flow outlook Friday as the board ended its regular March meeting in
Lincoln.

"We'd all like for it to be a lot more," Cosner said of the $9.2 million figure,
"but reality says that, on the basis of a conservative estimate, we will have
dollars to work with."

He called it "a good indication that we can do some things to the best interest
of Nebraskans to continue their state fair."

The cash flow projections include estimated annual income from the Nebraska
Lottery of $2.4 million. The 2006 total was more than $2.9 million, but Cosner
favors restraint.

"There are just too many variables there that we have no control over," he said.

That includes what new games of chance adjoining states might add to lure
gamblers away from Nebraska games.

The Agriculture Committee held a Feb. 13 hearing on LB131, which authorizes the
university master plan, and LB435, a similar undertaking by the fair board. But
the committee has yet to vote on whether to advance either or both for
consideration by the full Legislature.

The Legislature took the matter up after a mayor's task force and Lincoln
business leaders organized as the 2015 Vision group advocated turning State Fair
Park into a UNL technology park and moving the fair several miles east to a site
adjacent to the Lancaster Event Center.

State Fair Board member Tam Allan of Lincoln, among those monitoring legislative
developments, still expects the Agriculture Committee to act.

"I'm of the opinion, at this point, that this will move forward," he said.

The LB435 approach, crafted by state Sen. Ron Raikes of Lincoln, would prevent
the fair board from undertaking major improvements until the master plan is
completed.

But that hasn't stopped the board from retaining a Des Moines, Iowa, consulting
engineering firm to offer advice on the condition of two buildings that Cosner
called "aged wonders."

The Industrial Arts Building, built in 1913, has been closed for three years
because of a leaking roof, outdated electrical system, and other problems. The
4-H Youth Complex, built in 1933, remains in use. But both buildings are
regarded as expensive to upgrade.

An updated building inventory prepared two years ago put the replacement cost of
the Industrial Arts Building at $5.5 million. The comparable 4-H figure was $4.5
million.

While those are formidable figures, Cosner said, "they are aged wonders on the
grounds, and a lot of people have ties to those buildings."

Reach Art Hovey at 523-4949 or at ahovey@alltel.net.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Automation Is Invading Farm Lending

                           November 15, 1983, Tuesday

By KENNETH OTTERBOURG; The microcomputer is making itself felt in farm lending,
and bankers are saying its spread will improve the process in important ways,
according to Mr. Otterbourg, a free-lance writer based in New York City.


Computerized services are cropping up at many of the nation's agricultural
banks, and bankers involved with these products say their continued spread
promises to change, expedite, and improve ag banking.

With the aid of a microcomputer, a banker can quickly receive comparative annual
or monthly statements, and these financial history spread sheets can detail more
data and better show the relationship between these figures than their
hand-calculated counterparts.

Bruce Otto, executive vice president of the First Farmers State Bank of Minier,
Ill., said ''The micro gives us six to seven years of easy-to-read ratios,
rather than just numbers. Consequently, our loan officers have more information
readily available at their fingertips.''

Both the Illinois bank and the Sac City State Bank of Sac City, Iowa, use
computers for credit analysis and cash flow projections. Neil Stadlman, vice
president of the bank, said that their computer can perform budgeting
projections for hog farmers based on three wide-ranging expected selling prices.
This can help a grower decide, for example, whether it is wiser to rent, lease,
or buy a costly piece of farm equipment.

In addition, the computer program can also analyze such variables as feed cost,
fertilizer cost, and interest rates. ''The repayment capacity is the bottom
line,'' said Mr. Stadlman, ''and we make assumptions about the peaks and valleys
as far as a budgeting schedule and payback ability are concerned. The selling
price is always variable and the computer has allowed us to use the phrase 'what
if'. We can do a lot more refinement in the budgeting process.'' He added that
although variables have been incorporated into cash flow projections for some
time, the computer has ''allowed us to follow through with the documentation.''

Swells Cash Flow

Microcomputers can also be used to maximize a farmer's real, as opposed to
expected, cash flow. Kenneth Lee, a member of the agriculturalPqankers division
of the American Bankers Association, said, ''If it takes three days to clear a
check, these funds remain invested right up until the check clears.''

The Deposit Guarantee National Bank of Jackson, Miss., employs computers to
facilitate the running of their backup lines of credit. Under this system,
farmers have a zero balance in their accounts, and once this is exhausted, they
automatically start drawing funds from a predetermined line of credit.

Because agriculture is primarily a seasonal industry, the use of automated cash
management services, such as money fund sweeps, is fairly limited.

James McBride, president of First National Bank & Trust of Aurora, Neb., said,
''Farmers don't utilize or have excess funds this time of year, but in the
winter there is heavy usage of time CDs and money market accounts.'' The
Nebraska bank also provides its agricultural customers with computerized
bookkeeping services that record and tabulate the balance changes in a farmer's
account.

Stan Herren, vice president of Deposit Guarantee, said that the Jackson bank
does not offer similar services for its agricultural customers. ''This is only
profitable to a large corporation turning over a lot of cash.'' he said. ''A
farmer's income comes and goes in a few large drafts and it doesn't take a whole
lot of expertise to manage this.''

Perhaps reflecting on some of the serious problems facing many of the nation's
growers, he stated: ''Most farmers' cash management seems to be managing without
it.''

Mr. Lee said that some sections of the country are further advanced in these
services than other sections, and that larger regional banks, which are
''sophisticated enough to handle these technologies,'' are more likely to offer
these services than smaller local banks.L

'Not a Large Piece'

Bankers view the computer's growth in this field as inevitable. Software is
increasing and becoming more user-compatible, and this is spurring farmers, as
well as bankers, into purchasing microcomputers.

Weldon Barton, agricultural representative for the Independent Bankers
Association of America, is not surprised by this trend. Mr. Barton said that
''$4,000 for a microcomputer is not a large piece of capital compared to the
$500,000 to $1,000,000 invested in agricultural machinery on the average farm.

Whether the computer is located on a farm or in a bank is secondary compared to
its increasing use and importance in the world of agrifinance. ''There is an
insistence by the banks on better cash flow management,'' said Mr. Barton,
adding that banks that do not provide those services for their agricultural
customers ''are encouraging farmers to get that capacity themselves.''

This boom in computerized banking services is being well received by growers.
Mr. Otto at First Farmers State in Illinois said, ''It makes a favorable
impression on a farmer that you are this much on top of their needs.'' But he
and other bankers stressed that the computer's acceptance is based on a healthy
and open relationship between farmers and themselves. ''We as bankers are going
to have to have more information'' from the farmers, said Mr. McBride, ''as we
look at management policy in order to make sound credit decisions.''

Mr. Otto emphasized that the computer can speed up, but not create, service.
''Educating the customer to the needs and benefits of telling us information has
been a slow process and one that we've worked on for 10-12 years.''

The most important lesson from this is that productive agriculture depends as
much on prudent, but progressive, banking as it does on good weather. ''The
better we can work with farmers,'' said Mr.McBride, ''the more profitable
farming operations can be.''

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS REVIEW; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 954 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

Oklahoma needs to position itself to be a player in biofuel market, energy
secretary says

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 849  words


Oklahoma Secretary of Energy David S. Fleischaker says the state has the
potential to be a major player in a quickly expanding U.S. biofuels industry.

'The fusion of agriculture, biotechnology and energy industries creates an
opportunity for our state in the emerging biofuel sector," he said.

Federal help is available.

"We have a federal government that is now fully engaged in alternative fuels,"
he said. "There will be a lot of money handed out in Washington, D.C., and I
want Oklahoma to be at the front of the line for the money.

"I want to put Oklahoma on the biofuel map," he said.

Oklahoma's energy and agriculture industries provide a major advantage for the
state, Fleischaker said.

"By moving into biomass we are playing to our strengths," he said.

The state can leverage its 34 million crop acres, along with crop-related
infrastructure, and the oil and natural gas industry and related infrastructure,
including five refineries, storage facilities and pipelines.

"The agriculture and the energy industries are very similar," he said. "They
both harvest the sun. "

Fleischaker said there are three major reasons for the U.S. to promote biofuel
production - national security, the environment and economic well-being.

Reducing the nation's dependence on foreign oil supplies is a major concern.

"The nation's security concerns give this issue good legs today," he said. "We
have military and intelligence experts telling us we have to do this today. "

The flow of money out of the country, much of it going to countries with hostile
attitudes toward the U.S., concerns Fleischaker.

"We need to stop the flow of our wealth abroad to unfriendly countries and
improve our environment," he said.

Ethanol and biodiesel production in Oklahoma will boost the economy with jobs
created at refineries, in agriculture, for transportation and at storage
facilities for both biofuels and feedstocks.

The potential of Oklahoma's biofuel industry will be the main topic at "Grow:
The Oklahoma Governor's Conference on Biofuels" Oct. 3-4 at the University of
Oklahoma in Norman.

Speakers at the conference will include James Woolsey, a Tulsa native and former
director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He will discuss the relationship
between national security, dependence on foreign oil and the development of
alternative transportation fuels.

Existing research facilities provide an advantage for Oklahoma, Fleischaker
said. Biofuel and feed stock research is currently being conducted at Oklahoma
State University, the University of Oklahoma, Cameron University and at the
Noble Foundation in Ardmore.

Cameron University received a $150,000 grant to study the feasibility of
establishing a plant to produce ethanol from mesquite. The grant from the
Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education is part of the State Regents
Economic Development Grant Program.

Cameron is studying the feasibility of locating the mesquite-to-ethanol plant in
southwest Oklahoma.

Ceres Inc., a plant biotechnology company based in Thousand Oaks, Calif., and
the Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation in Ardmore have an agreement for a long-term
collaboration for the development and commercialization of new, advanced biomass
crops, including switchgrass, for ethanol production.

Switchgrass is a perennial crop, which provides an advantage, Fleischaker said.
Switchgrass has shown the potential to be productive in regions and on lands
incapable of supporting traditional food crops.

"The Noble Foundation has the money, the scientists and the history for the
research," he said. "They have hundreds of farmers and ranchers they have been
working with for years to provide feedback. "

Switchgrass production in Oklahoma currently averages about 5 tons per acre. The
Noble Foundation seeks to increase production to 7 to 9 tons per acre.

Research at OU and OSU includes investigating a better process to strip the oil
off seeds, improving conversion technology for biodiesel, developing a better
biodiesel product for storage and transportation and making gasification more
cost effective.

ConocoPhillips has its major research and development facilities in Bartlesville
and Ponca City, which provides another advantage for Oklahoma, he said.

"We have the research facilities and a lot of land that is compatible to produce
feedstock crops," Fleischaker said.

Multiple sources of feed stock are needed for biodiesel and ethanol production,
he said.

"Prairie grasses like switchgrass are very resilient so during a time of
drought, when some crops have low production, switchgrass will still grow,"
Fleischaker said. "Switchgrass can be a hedge against other crops that might
have a bad production year. "

Producers also have to realize the cost of feedstock crops will vary from year
to year with production levels, he said.

Farmers and ranchers will need government subsidies, he said.

"We will still need to subsidize the crops and there is nothing wrong with
that," the energy secretary said. "There is nothing wrong with socializing this
risk.

"Do you want to pay the farmer riding a tractor or do you want to pay a sheik
driving a Mercedes Benz?"

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 26, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

DIGEST

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D09; DIGEST

LENGTH: 505 words


Taiwan, seeking to revive its economy, unveiled a plan to provide up to $ 3.8
billion in state-backed loans to companies with cash flow problems. Last month
Taiwan established an intervention fund of $ 8.7 billion to prop up stock
prices, which had plunged in the aftermath of a string of corporate failures
caused in part by tighter bank credit policies.

Worldwide sales of equipment used to make microchips slumped 43 percent in
October from a year earlier, the sixth consecutive month of decline, as cuts in
spending on equipment by Japanese and South Korean semiconductor makers took
their toll, the Semiconductor Equipment Association of Japan said. Worldwide
sales of chip-making equipment totaled $ 1.49 billion in October.

The Agriculture Department has decided to temporarily stop lending money for new
pork production plants, the latest move in an effort to reverse declining hog
prices. The moratorium on Agriculture Department loans was one of several steps
announced by Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman a week after he formed a task
force to look for ways to help hog farmers. "Because the crux of the problem is
oversupply, we want to stop any government action that could exacerbate the
situation," Glickman said.

Asian stock markets advanced in holiday-thinned trading as a rally in the
banking sector pushed up Japanese stock prices and Thai investors speculated on
growth in financial stocks. Tokyo's main index, the Nikkei 225, rose 91.22
points, or 0.67 percent, to close at 13,797.95. In Bangkok, the Stock Exchange
of Thailand index rose 9.23 points, or 2.7 percent, to 356.16. Financial markets
were closed for the Christmas holiday in Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore,
Indonesia, the Philippines and South Korea.

Philippine Airlines is holding talks with foreign investors, including Cathay
Pacific Airlines and Northwest Airlines, which might be able to revive the
debt-burdened carrier. Presidential Executive Secretary Ronaldo Zamora said the
government is prepared to help PAL "under commercial terms," but it will not
take it over.

A key Chinese legislative committee is expected this week to approve the
country's first national securities law, the official newspaper China Daily
reported. Most members of the Standing Committee of the Ninth National People's
Congress want the legislation passed before the panel's current six-day session
ends Tuesday, the report said. The law would fill a regulatory vacuum that has
left China's nascent financial markets prone to illegal trading and volatility.

Cordish has announced that Gold's Gym Maryland will build a 15,000-square-foot
fitness complex at the Power Plant in the Inner Harbor. Equipment will be
positioned so exercisers have views of the harbor as they work out. Cordish has
also announced that Bally Total Fitness will open a health club next spring to
anchor the Towson Circle project in the former Hutzler's department store.
Cordish also hopes to bring a health club to the US Airways Arena project in
Landover.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Northlines (India)

                              May 28, 2012 Monday

Addresses 85th SLBC meet

LENGTH: 865 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, May 28 -- Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah Monday asked the Bankers to
strike balance in the credit flow and the deposits ratio to ensure focused
attention on priority sectors like agriculture, MSME, handicrafts, education,
entrepreneurship development and micro credit to give considerable fillip to the
traditional drivers of State's economy.

Addressing the 85th meeting of Jammu and Kashmir State Level Bankers' Committee
(SLBC) here this morning, the Chief Minister said that the growth registered in
the deposits should necessarily reflect its positive impact on the credit flow
to ensure benefits to the people especially in the priority sector.

'When there will be gap between deposits accumulation and credit flow then an
important question arises for bankers to explain. It is also difficult for the
government and the people to understand this hiatus in the process of normal
banking procedure and practice', he said adding that the flight of economy need
to be checked by ensuring investment of deposits within the State itself in
consonance with the targets fixed at SLBC for lending of money to people in the
State.

Making reference to the issuance of Kissan Credit Cards to the farmers, Omar
Abdullah said that noteworthy achievement has not been registered on this
significant front which directly relates to the State's agriculture economy and
the welfare of peasant fraternity. He fixed the target of first week of October
2012 for the Banks to fulfil hundred percent achievement in the issuance of
Kissan Credit Cards to farmers so that they avail the opportunity of taking
loans for agriculture operations.

'You should constitute Sub-Committees to monitor this aspect and the aspect of
lending loans to the priority sectors in a hassle-free manner', he said and also
directed for identifying zonal level nodal banks for ensuring issuance of Kissan
Credit Cards to the farmers. He said artisans, small entrepreneurs and others in
education, micro credit, employment generation and agro allied sectors should be
focused in lending loans to them to flourish their economy.

Citing the case of importance of providing finances to the people associated
with tourism, Omar Abdullah said that the growth of this sector and the
necessity of help for its development can be underlined by the fact that as
against 1.4 lakh visitors visiting the valley during the last year so far,
figure this year has touched to over 4 lakhs in the same period. 'Banks have to
play their part in helping the traders in this field to develop befitting
infrastructure and transport facilities. You can advance loans for tourist
vehicles, buses and other transport in this sector also', he added.

Describing handicrafts, tourism, agriculture, horticulture and allied sectors as
traditional economy drivers in the State, Omar Abdullah said that proper credit
flow to these sectors should be the focused area of Bankers. He said that credit
flow from Banks to the housing sector, which has shown remarkable growth during
past some years, should not be at the cost of other priority sectors. 'You
cannot create priority within the priority sector', he said stressing on full
target achievement in the priority sector taking care of all fields identify
under this sector.

The Chief Minister also talked about incorporation of modern system of
electronic transfer of benefits to the people down below. He said under MGNREGA
government is launching a pilot project of transferring benefits to the
beneficiaries in 10 districts which will be expanded to other districts
gradually. He asked the Banks to look into this initiative and work out a
feasible strategy.

'In order to achieve the targets full and reach out to the people extensively in
the priority sector, I would like you to revisit your credit plan and reorient
it in accordance with the requirements of people and the sectors identified as
important in the economy of the State', he said adding that Reserve Bank of
India (RBI) should introduce a system of penalizing those banks which show
shortfalls in registering targets they agree and commit to fulfil in SLBC
meetings.

Speaking on the occasion, Minister for Finance, Abdul Rahim Rather said that
while State Government is committed to render all help to the Bankers for their
growth, development and security of assets, it at the same time expects the
Banks to deliver conspicuously on the front of credit flow.

'We observe remarkable growth of the deposits in the Banks but the flow of
credit has shown decline', he said adding that this is the area of concern and
Bankers have to focus on this issue. He told them to adhere to the targets fixed
in SLBCs and come up to the commitments made to people.

The meeting was participated by Chief Secretary, Madhav Lal, Principal Secretary
Finance, M. Iqbal Khandey, Principal Secretary Planning and Development, B. B.
Vyas, Chairman Jammu and Kashmir Bank, Mushtaq Ahmad, Director Finances in Union
Ministry of Finance, Regional Director of RBI, CGM, NABARD, various Principal
Secretaries, Commissioner Secretaries, Heads of the Departments and Bankers
operating in Jammu and Kashmir. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
The Northlines.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Northlines
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Washington: Climate Finance Flowing, But for Many, the Well Remains Dry

LENGTH: 1191  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Dreams has issued the following news release:

For more than 10 years, Mildred Crawford has been "a voice in the wilderness"
crying out on behalf of rural women in agriculture.

Crawford, 50, who grew up in the small Jamaican community of Brown's Hall in St.
Catherine parish, was "filled with enthusiasm" when she received an invitation
from the World Farmers' Organisation (WFO) to be part of a civil society
contingent to the 20th session of the United Nations Conference of the Parties
(COP20), where her voice could be heard on a much bigger stage.

"Many countries are actually putting their own money into adaptation because
they don't have any other option, because they can't wait for a 2015 agreement
or they can't wait for international climate finance flows to get to them."
--UNFCCC chief Christiana FigueresBut mere days after arriving here for her
first-ever COP, Crawford's exhilaration has turned to disappointment.

"I am weary, because even in the side events I don't see much government
representatives coming to hear the voice of civil society," she told IPS.

"If they are not here to hear what we have to say, there is very little impact
that will be created. Already there is a gap between policy and implementation
which is very serious because we talk the talk, we don't walk the talk."

Crawford said women farmers often do not get the attention or recognition they
deserve, pointing to the important role they play in feeding their families and
the wider population.

"Our women farmers store seeds. In the event that a hurricane comes and
resources become scarce, they would share what they have among themselves so
that they can have a rebound in agriculture," she explained.

WFO is an international member-based organisation whose mandate is to bring
together farmers' organisations and agricultural cooperatives from all over the
world. It includes approximately 70 members from about 50 countries in the
developed and emerging world.

The WFO said its delegation of farmers is intended to be a pilot for scaling up
in 2015, when the COP21 will take place in Paris. It also aims to raise
awareness of the role of smallholder agriculture in climate adaptation and
mitigation and have it recognised in the 2015 UNFCCC negotiations.

The negotiations next year in Paris will aim to reach legally-binding agreements
on limits on greenhouse gas emissions that all nations will have to implement.

Mildred Crawford, a farmer from Jamaica, is attending her first international
climate summit in Lima. Credit: Desmond Brown/IPSMildred Crawford, a farmer from
Jamaica, is attending her first international climate summit in Lima. (Credit:
Desmond Brown/IPS)

Diann Black-Layne speaks for a much wider constituency - Small Island Developing
States (SIDS). She said adaptation, finance and loss and damage top the list of
issues this group of countries wants to see addressed in the medium term.

"Many of our developing countries have been spending their own money on
adaptation," Black-Layne, who is Antigua and Barbuda's ambassador on climate
change, told IPS.

She said SIDS are already "highly indebted" and "this is borrowed money" for
their national budgets which they are forced to use "to fund their adaptation
programmes and restoration from extreme weather events. So, to then have to
borrow more money for mitigation is a difficult sell."

The executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, Christiana Figueres agrees that such commitments by developing countries
needs to be buttressed with international climate finance flows, in particular
for the most vulnerable.

"There is no doubt that adaptation finance needs to increase. That is very clear
that that is the urgency among most developing countries, to actually cover
their adaptation costs and many countries are actually putting their own money
into adaptation because they don't have any other option, because they can't
wait for a 2015 agreement or they can't wait for international climate finance
flows to get to them (so) they are actually already doing it out of their own
pocket," Figueres said.

Loss and Damage is a facility to compensate countries for extreme weather
events. It also provides some level of financing to help countries adjust to the
creeping permanent loss caused by climate change.

"At this COP we are focusing on financial issues for loss and damage,"
Black-Layne said. "In our region, that would include things like the loss of the
conch industry and the loss of the fishing industry. Even if we limit it to a
two-degree warming, we would lose those two industries so we are now negotiating
a mechanism to assist countries to adapt."

In the CARICOM region, the local population is highly dependent on fish for
economic and social development. This resource also contributes significantly to
food security, poverty alleviation, employment, foreign exchange earnings,
development and stability of rural and coastal communities, culture, recreation
and tourism.

The subsector provides direct employment for more than 120,000 fishers and
indirect employment opportunities for thousands of others - particularly women -
in processing, marketing, boat-building, net-making and other support services.

In 2012, the conch industry in just one Caribbean Community country, Belize, was
valued at 10 million dollars.

A landmark assessment presented Wednesday to governments meeting here at the
U.N. climate summit said hundreds of billions of dollars of climate finance may
now be flowing across the globe.

The assessment - which includes a summary and recommendations by the UNFCCC
Standing Committee on Finance and a technical report by experts - is the first
of a series of assessment reports that put together information and data on
financial flows supporting emission reductions and adaptation within countries
and via international support.

The assessment puts the lower range of global climate finance flows at 340
billion dollars a year for the period 2011-2012, with the upper end at 650
billion dollars, and possibly higher.

"It does seem that climate finance is flowing, not exclusively but with a
priority toward the most vulnerable," Figueres said.

"That is a very, very important part of this report because it is as exactly as
it should be. It should be the most vulnerable populations, the most vulnerable
countries, and the most vulnerable populations within countries that actually
receive climate finance with priority."

The assessment notes that the exact amounts of global totals could be higher due
to the complexity of defining climate finance, the myriad of ways in which
governments and organisations channel funding, and data gaps and limitations -
particularly for adaptation and energy efficiency.

In addition, the assessment attributes different levels of confidence to
different sub-flows, with data on global total climate flows being relatively
uncertain, in part due to the fact that most data reflect finance commitments
rather than disbursements, and the associated definitional issues.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Climate Finance Flowing, But for Many, the Well Remains Dry

LENGTH: 1193  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Dreams has issued the following news release:

LIMA, Peur - For more than 10 years, Mildred Crawford has been "a voice in the
wilderness" crying out on behalf of rural women in agriculture.

Crawford, 50, who grew up in the small Jamaican community of Brown's Hall in St.
Catherine parish, was "filled with enthusiasm" when she received an invitation
from the World Farmers' Organisation (WFO) to be part of a civil society
contingent to the 20th session of the United Nations Conference of the Parties
(COP20), where her voice could be heard on a much bigger stage.

"Many countries are actually putting their own money into adaptation because
they don't have any other option, because they can't wait for a 2015 agreement
or they can't wait for international climate finance flows to get to them."
--UNFCCC chief Christiana FigueresBut mere days after arriving here for her
first-ever COP, Crawford's exhilaration has turned to disappointment.

"I am weary, because even in the side events I don't see much government
representatives coming to hear the voice of civil society," she told IPS.

"If they are not here to hear what we have to say, there is very little impact
that will be created. Already there is a gap between policy and implementation
which is very serious because we talk the talk, we don't walk the talk."

Crawford said women farmers often do not get the attention or recognition they
deserve, pointing to the important role they play in feeding their families and
the wider population.

"Our women farmers store seeds. In the event that a hurricane comes and
resources become scarce, they would share what they have among themselves so
that they can have a rebound in agriculture," she explained.

WFO is an international member-based organisation whose mandate is to bring
together farmers' organisations and agricultural cooperatives from all over the
world. It includes approximately 70 members from about 50 countries in the
developed and emerging world.

The WFO said its delegation of farmers is intended to be a pilot for scaling up
in 2015, when the COP21 will take place in Paris. It also aims to raise
awareness of the role of smallholder agriculture in climate adaptation and
mitigation and have it recognised in the 2015 UNFCCC negotiations.

The negotiations next year in Paris will aim to reach legally-binding agreements
on limits on greenhouse gas emissions that all nations will have to implement.

Mildred Crawford, a farmer from Jamaica, is attending her first international
climate summit in Lima. Credit: Desmond Brown/IPSMildred Crawford, a farmer from
Jamaica, is attending her first international climate summit in Lima. (Credit:
Desmond Brown/IPS)

Diann Black-Layne speaks for a much wider constituency - Small Island Developing
States (SIDS). She said adaptation, finance and loss and damage top the list of
issues this group of countries wants to see addressed in the medium term.

"Many of our developing countries have been spending their own money on
adaptation," Black-Layne, who is Antigua and Barbuda's ambassador on climate
change, told IPS.

She said SIDS are already "highly indebted" and "this is borrowed money" for
their national budgets which they are forced to use "to fund their adaptation
programmes and restoration from extreme weather events. So, to then have to
borrow more money for mitigation is a difficult sell."

The executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, Christiana Figueres agrees that such commitments by developing countries
needs to be buttressed with international climate finance flows, in particular
for the most vulnerable.

"There is no doubt that adaptation finance needs to increase. That is very clear
that that is the urgency among most developing countries, to actually cover
their adaptation costs and many countries are actually putting their own money
into adaptation because they don't have any other option, because they can't
wait for a 2015 agreement or they can't wait for international climate finance
flows to get to them (so) they are actually already doing it out of their own
pocket," Figueres said.

Loss and Damage is a facility to compensate countries for extreme weather
events. It also provides some level of financing to help countries adjust to the
creeping permanent loss caused by climate change.

"At this COP we are focusing on financial issues for loss and damage,"
Black-Layne said. "In our region, that would include things like the loss of the
conch industry and the loss of the fishing industry. Even if we limit it to a
two-degree warming, we would lose those two industries so we are now negotiating
a mechanism to assist countries to adapt."

In the CARICOM region, the local population is highly dependent on fish for
economic and social development. This resource also contributes significantly to
food security, poverty alleviation, employment, foreign exchange earnings,
development and stability of rural and coastal communities, culture, recreation
and tourism.

The subsector provides direct employment for more than 120,000 fishers and
indirect employment opportunities for thousands of others - particularly women -
in processing, marketing, boat-building, net-making and other support services.

In 2012, the conch industry in just one Caribbean Community country, Belize, was
valued at 10 million dollars.

A landmark assessment presented Wednesday to governments meeting here at the
U.N. climate summit said hundreds of billions of dollars of climate finance may
now be flowing across the globe.

The assessment - which includes a summary and recommendations by the UNFCCC
Standing Committee on Finance and a technical report by experts - is the first
of a series of assessment reports that put together information and data on
financial flows supporting emission reductions and adaptation within countries
and via international support.

The assessment puts the lower range of global climate finance flows at 340
billion dollars a year for the period 2011-2012, with the upper end at 650
billion dollars, and possibly higher.

"It does seem that climate finance is flowing, not exclusively but with a
priority toward the most vulnerable," Figueres said.

"That is a very, very important part of this report because it is as exactly as
it should be. It should be the most vulnerable populations, the most vulnerable
countries, and the most vulnerable populations within countries that actually
receive climate finance with priority."

The assessment notes that the exact amounts of global totals could be higher due
to the complexity of defining climate finance, the myriad of ways in which
governments and organisations channel funding, and data gaps and limitations -
particularly for adaptation and energy efficiency.

In addition, the assessment attributes different levels of confidence to
different sub-flows, with data on global total climate flows being relatively
uncertain, in part due to the fact that most data reflect finance commitments
rather than disbursements, and the associated definitional issues.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Climate Finance Flowing, But for Many, the Well Remains Dry

LENGTH: 1193  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Dreams has issued the following news release:

LIMA, Peur - For more than 10 years, Mildred Crawford has been "a voice in the
wilderness" crying out on behalf of rural women in agriculture.

Crawford, 50, who grew up in the small Jamaican community of Brown's Hall in St.
Catherine parish, was "filled with enthusiasm" when she received an invitation
from the World Farmers' Organisation (WFO) to be part of a civil society
contingent to the 20th session of the United Nations Conference of the Parties
(COP20), where her voice could be heard on a much bigger stage.

"Many countries are actually putting their own money into adaptation because
they don't have any other option, because they can't wait for a 2015 agreement
or they can't wait for international climate finance flows to get to them."
--UNFCCC chief Christiana FigueresBut mere days after arriving here for her
first-ever COP, Crawford's exhilaration has turned to disappointment.

"I am weary, because even in the side events I don't see much government
representatives coming to hear the voice of civil society," she told IPS.

"If they are not here to hear what we have to say, there is very little impact
that will be created. Already there is a gap between policy and implementation
which is very serious because we talk the talk, we don't walk the talk."

Crawford said women farmers often do not get the attention or recognition they
deserve, pointing to the important role they play in feeding their families and
the wider population.

"Our women farmers store seeds. In the event that a hurricane comes and
resources become scarce, they would share what they have among themselves so
that they can have a rebound in agriculture," she explained.

WFO is an international member-based organisation whose mandate is to bring
together farmers' organisations and agricultural cooperatives from all over the
world. It includes approximately 70 members from about 50 countries in the
developed and emerging world.

The WFO said its delegation of farmers is intended to be a pilot for scaling up
in 2015, when the COP21 will take place in Paris. It also aims to raise
awareness of the role of smallholder agriculture in climate adaptation and
mitigation and have it recognised in the 2015 UNFCCC negotiations.

The negotiations next year in Paris will aim to reach legally-binding agreements
on limits on greenhouse gas emissions that all nations will have to implement.

Mildred Crawford, a farmer from Jamaica, is attending her first international
climate summit in Lima. Credit: Desmond Brown/IPSMildred Crawford, a farmer from
Jamaica, is attending her first international climate summit in Lima. (Credit:
Desmond Brown/IPS)

Diann Black-Layne speaks for a much wider constituency - Small Island Developing
States (SIDS). She said adaptation, finance and loss and damage top the list of
issues this group of countries wants to see addressed in the medium term.

"Many of our developing countries have been spending their own money on
adaptation," Black-Layne, who is Antigua and Barbuda's ambassador on climate
change, told IPS.

She said SIDS are already "highly indebted" and "this is borrowed money" for
their national budgets which they are forced to use "to fund their adaptation
programmes and restoration from extreme weather events. So, to then have to
borrow more money for mitigation is a difficult sell."

The executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, Christiana Figueres agrees that such commitments by developing countries
needs to be buttressed with international climate finance flows, in particular
for the most vulnerable.

"There is no doubt that adaptation finance needs to increase. That is very clear
that that is the urgency among most developing countries, to actually cover
their adaptation costs and many countries are actually putting their own money
into adaptation because they don't have any other option, because they can't
wait for a 2015 agreement or they can't wait for international climate finance
flows to get to them (so) they are actually already doing it out of their own
pocket," Figueres said.

Loss and Damage is a facility to compensate countries for extreme weather
events. It also provides some level of financing to help countries adjust to the
creeping permanent loss caused by climate change.

"At this COP we are focusing on financial issues for loss and damage,"
Black-Layne said. "In our region, that would include things like the loss of the
conch industry and the loss of the fishing industry. Even if we limit it to a
two-degree warming, we would lose those two industries so we are now negotiating
a mechanism to assist countries to adapt."

In the CARICOM region, the local population is highly dependent on fish for
economic and social development. This resource also contributes significantly to
food security, poverty alleviation, employment, foreign exchange earnings,
development and stability of rural and coastal communities, culture, recreation
and tourism.

The subsector provides direct employment for more than 120,000 fishers and
indirect employment opportunities for thousands of others - particularly women -
in processing, marketing, boat-building, net-making and other support services.

In 2012, the conch industry in just one Caribbean Community country, Belize, was
valued at 10 million dollars.

A landmark assessment presented Wednesday to governments meeting here at the
U.N. climate summit said hundreds of billions of dollars of climate finance may
now be flowing across the globe.

The assessment - which includes a summary and recommendations by the UNFCCC
Standing Committee on Finance and a technical report by experts - is the first
of a series of assessment reports that put together information and data on
financial flows supporting emission reductions and adaptation within countries
and via international support.

The assessment puts the lower range of global climate finance flows at 340
billion dollars a year for the period 2011-2012, with the upper end at 650
billion dollars, and possibly higher.

"It does seem that climate finance is flowing, not exclusively but with a
priority toward the most vulnerable," Figueres said.

"That is a very, very important part of this report because it is as exactly as
it should be. It should be the most vulnerable populations, the most vulnerable
countries, and the most vulnerable populations within countries that actually
receive climate finance with priority."

The assessment notes that the exact amounts of global totals could be higher due
to the complexity of defining climate finance, the myriad of ways in which
governments and organisations channel funding, and data gaps and limitations -
particularly for adaptation and energy efficiency.

In addition, the assessment attributes different levels of confidence to
different sub-flows, with data on global total climate flows being relatively
uncertain, in part due to the fact that most data reflect finance commitments
rather than disbursements, and the associated definitional issues.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Climate Finance Flowing, But for Many, the Well Remains Dry

LENGTH: 1193  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Dreams has issued the following news release:

LIMA, Peur - For more than 10 years, Mildred Crawford has been "a voice in the
wilderness" crying out on behalf of rural women in agriculture.

Crawford, 50, who grew up in the small Jamaican community of Brown's Hall in St.
Catherine parish, was "filled with enthusiasm" when she received an invitation
from the World Farmers' Organisation (WFO) to be part of a civil society
contingent to the 20th session of the United Nations Conference of the Parties
(COP20), where her voice could be heard on a much bigger stage.

"Many countries are actually putting their own money into adaptation because
they don't have any other option, because they can't wait for a 2015 agreement
or they can't wait for international climate finance flows to get to them."
--UNFCCC chief Christiana FigueresBut mere days after arriving here for her
first-ever COP, Crawford's exhilaration has turned to disappointment.

"I am weary, because even in the side events I don't see much government
representatives coming to hear the voice of civil society," she told IPS.

"If they are not here to hear what we have to say, there is very little impact
that will be created. Already there is a gap between policy and implementation
which is very serious because we talk the talk, we don't walk the talk."

Crawford said women farmers often do not get the attention or recognition they
deserve, pointing to the important role they play in feeding their families and
the wider population.

"Our women farmers store seeds. In the event that a hurricane comes and
resources become scarce, they would share what they have among themselves so
that they can have a rebound in agriculture," she explained.

WFO is an international member-based organisation whose mandate is to bring
together farmers' organisations and agricultural cooperatives from all over the
world. It includes approximately 70 members from about 50 countries in the
developed and emerging world.

The WFO said its delegation of farmers is intended to be a pilot for scaling up
in 2015, when the COP21 will take place in Paris. It also aims to raise
awareness of the role of smallholder agriculture in climate adaptation and
mitigation and have it recognised in the 2015 UNFCCC negotiations.

The negotiations next year in Paris will aim to reach legally-binding agreements
on limits on greenhouse gas emissions that all nations will have to implement.

Mildred Crawford, a farmer from Jamaica, is attending her first international
climate summit in Lima. Credit: Desmond Brown/IPSMildred Crawford, a farmer from
Jamaica, is attending her first international climate summit in Lima. (Credit:
Desmond Brown/IPS)

Diann Black-Layne speaks for a much wider constituency - Small Island Developing
States (SIDS). She said adaptation, finance and loss and damage top the list of
issues this group of countries wants to see addressed in the medium term.

"Many of our developing countries have been spending their own money on
adaptation," Black-Layne, who is Antigua and Barbuda's ambassador on climate
change, told IPS.

She said SIDS are already "highly indebted" and "this is borrowed money" for
their national budgets which they are forced to use "to fund their adaptation
programmes and restoration from extreme weather events. So, to then have to
borrow more money for mitigation is a difficult sell."

The executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, Christiana Figueres agrees that such commitments by developing countries
needs to be buttressed with international climate finance flows, in particular
for the most vulnerable.

"There is no doubt that adaptation finance needs to increase. That is very clear
that that is the urgency among most developing countries, to actually cover
their adaptation costs and many countries are actually putting their own money
into adaptation because they don't have any other option, because they can't
wait for a 2015 agreement or they can't wait for international climate finance
flows to get to them (so) they are actually already doing it out of their own
pocket," Figueres said.

Loss and Damage is a facility to compensate countries for extreme weather
events. It also provides some level of financing to help countries adjust to the
creeping permanent loss caused by climate change.

"At this COP we are focusing on financial issues for loss and damage,"
Black-Layne said. "In our region, that would include things like the loss of the
conch industry and the loss of the fishing industry. Even if we limit it to a
two-degree warming, we would lose those two industries so we are now negotiating
a mechanism to assist countries to adapt."

In the CARICOM region, the local population is highly dependent on fish for
economic and social development. This resource also contributes significantly to
food security, poverty alleviation, employment, foreign exchange earnings,
development and stability of rural and coastal communities, culture, recreation
and tourism.

The subsector provides direct employment for more than 120,000 fishers and
indirect employment opportunities for thousands of others - particularly women -
in processing, marketing, boat-building, net-making and other support services.

In 2012, the conch industry in just one Caribbean Community country, Belize, was
valued at 10 million dollars.

A landmark assessment presented Wednesday to governments meeting here at the
U.N. climate summit said hundreds of billions of dollars of climate finance may
now be flowing across the globe.

The assessment - which includes a summary and recommendations by the UNFCCC
Standing Committee on Finance and a technical report by experts - is the first
of a series of assessment reports that put together information and data on
financial flows supporting emission reductions and adaptation within countries
and via international support.

The assessment puts the lower range of global climate finance flows at 340
billion dollars a year for the period 2011-2012, with the upper end at 650
billion dollars, and possibly higher.

"It does seem that climate finance is flowing, not exclusively but with a
priority toward the most vulnerable," Figueres said.

"That is a very, very important part of this report because it is as exactly as
it should be. It should be the most vulnerable populations, the most vulnerable
countries, and the most vulnerable populations within countries that actually
receive climate finance with priority."

The assessment notes that the exact amounts of global totals could be higher due
to the complexity of defining climate finance, the myriad of ways in which
governments and organisations channel funding, and data gaps and limitations -
particularly for adaptation and energy efficiency.

In addition, the assessment attributes different levels of confidence to
different sub-flows, with data on global total climate flows being relatively
uncertain, in part due to the fact that most data reflect finance commitments
rather than disbursements, and the associated definitional issues.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Washington: Climate Finance Flowing, But for Many, the Well Remains Dry

LENGTH: 1193  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Dreams has issued the following news release:

LIMA, Peur - For more than 10 years, Mildred Crawford has been "a voice in the
wilderness" crying out on behalf of rural women in agriculture.

Crawford, 50, who grew up in the small Jamaican community of Brown's Hall in St.
Catherine parish, was "filled with enthusiasm" when she received an invitation
from the World Farmers' Organisation (WFO) to be part of a civil society
contingent to the 20th session of the United Nations Conference of the Parties
(COP20), where her voice could be heard on a much bigger stage.

"Many countries are actually putting their own money into adaptation because
they don't have any other option, because they can't wait for a 2015 agreement
or they can't wait for international climate finance flows to get to them."
--UNFCCC chief Christiana FigueresBut mere days after arriving here for her
first-ever COP, Crawford's exhilaration has turned to disappointment.

"I am weary, because even in the side events I don't see much government
representatives coming to hear the voice of civil society," she told IPS.

"If they are not here to hear what we have to say, there is very little impact
that will be created. Already there is a gap between policy and implementation
which is very serious because we talk the talk, we don't walk the talk."

Crawford said women farmers often do not get the attention or recognition they
deserve, pointing to the important role they play in feeding their families and
the wider population.

"Our women farmers store seeds. In the event that a hurricane comes and
resources become scarce, they would share what they have among themselves so
that they can have a rebound in agriculture," she explained.

WFO is an international member-based organisation whose mandate is to bring
together farmers' organisations and agricultural cooperatives from all over the
world. It includes approximately 70 members from about 50 countries in the
developed and emerging world.

The WFO said its delegation of farmers is intended to be a pilot for scaling up
in 2015, when the COP21 will take place in Paris. It also aims to raise
awareness of the role of smallholder agriculture in climate adaptation and
mitigation and have it recognised in the 2015 UNFCCC negotiations.

The negotiations next year in Paris will aim to reach legally-binding agreements
on limits on greenhouse gas emissions that all nations will have to implement.

Mildred Crawford, a farmer from Jamaica, is attending her first international
climate summit in Lima. Credit: Desmond Brown/IPSMildred Crawford, a farmer from
Jamaica, is attending her first international climate summit in Lima. (Credit:
Desmond Brown/IPS)

Diann Black-Layne speaks for a much wider constituency - Small Island Developing
States (SIDS). She said adaptation, finance and loss and damage top the list of
issues this group of countries wants to see addressed in the medium term.

"Many of our developing countries have been spending their own money on
adaptation," Black-Layne, who is Antigua and Barbuda's ambassador on climate
change, told IPS.

She said SIDS are already "highly indebted" and "this is borrowed money" for
their national budgets which they are forced to use "to fund their adaptation
programmes and restoration from extreme weather events. So, to then have to
borrow more money for mitigation is a difficult sell."

The executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, Christiana Figueres agrees that such commitments by developing countries
needs to be buttressed with international climate finance flows, in particular
for the most vulnerable.

"There is no doubt that adaptation finance needs to increase. That is very clear
that that is the urgency among most developing countries, to actually cover
their adaptation costs and many countries are actually putting their own money
into adaptation because they don't have any other option, because they can't
wait for a 2015 agreement or they can't wait for international climate finance
flows to get to them (so) they are actually already doing it out of their own
pocket," Figueres said.

Loss and Damage is a facility to compensate countries for extreme weather
events. It also provides some level of financing to help countries adjust to the
creeping permanent loss caused by climate change.

"At this COP we are focusing on financial issues for loss and damage,"
Black-Layne said. "In our region, that would include things like the loss of the
conch industry and the loss of the fishing industry. Even if we limit it to a
two-degree warming, we would lose those two industries so we are now negotiating
a mechanism to assist countries to adapt."

In the CARICOM region, the local population is highly dependent on fish for
economic and social development. This resource also contributes significantly to
food security, poverty alleviation, employment, foreign exchange earnings,
development and stability of rural and coastal communities, culture, recreation
and tourism.

The subsector provides direct employment for more than 120,000 fishers and
indirect employment opportunities for thousands of others - particularly women -
in processing, marketing, boat-building, net-making and other support services.

In 2012, the conch industry in just one Caribbean Community country, Belize, was
valued at 10 million dollars.

A landmark assessment presented Wednesday to governments meeting here at the
U.N. climate summit said hundreds of billions of dollars of climate finance may
now be flowing across the globe.

The assessment - which includes a summary and recommendations by the UNFCCC
Standing Committee on Finance and a technical report by experts - is the first
of a series of assessment reports that put together information and data on
financial flows supporting emission reductions and adaptation within countries
and via international support.

The assessment puts the lower range of global climate finance flows at 340
billion dollars a year for the period 2011-2012, with the upper end at 650
billion dollars, and possibly higher.

"It does seem that climate finance is flowing, not exclusively but with a
priority toward the most vulnerable," Figueres said.

"That is a very, very important part of this report because it is as exactly as
it should be. It should be the most vulnerable populations, the most vulnerable
countries, and the most vulnerable populations within countries that actually
receive climate finance with priority."

The assessment notes that the exact amounts of global totals could be higher due
to the complexity of defining climate finance, the myriad of ways in which
governments and organisations channel funding, and data gaps and limitations -
particularly for adaptation and energy efficiency.

In addition, the assessment attributes different levels of confidence to
different sub-flows, with data on global total climate flows being relatively
uncertain, in part due to the fact that most data reflect finance commitments
rather than disbursements, and the associated definitional issues.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 10, 2012 Sunday

The Colorado: a river of money

BYLINE: Mara Knaub, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1432 words


June 10--If the Colorado River ever dries up, Chad Jones' business and
livelihood would also dry up.

He bought Yuma River Tubing in 2011 after being with the company since 2009. The
business has been in existence since 2003.

"I depend on the water for my business. No water, no tubing. If they decided to
dry this part of the Colorado River, my business and the livelihood of everyone,
from farmers to other businesses, would be affected," Jones said.

Yuma River Tubing rents tubes for customers wanting to spend a few relaxing
hours floating on the river. The company drives them up to Gateway Park or the
confluence of the Colorado and Gila rivers, depending on the length of the
floatdown they want.

His customers include Yuma residents and visitors. "They range from parents with
kids all the way to winter visitors from Canada. I get vacationers from Los
Angeles and northern California, quite a few from San Diego and Phoenix, and
snowbirds from Washington and Canada wanting to float down the river before
heading back home."

His out-of-town customers usually spend the day or weekend. They rent hotel
rooms, go out to eat, buy gas and spend money on other entertainment, such as
visiting the Territorial Prison and catching a movie.

The river is a "way of life here" and represents the city, Jones noted. "It's
connected to so many thing. It's like a tree with roots that split and divide
into so many things."

Those "roots" in Yuma include farming and agriculture. "If the river ever dries
up in the area, that's all gone," he added.

Ann Walker of the Yuma Visitors Bureau pointed out that the agriculture industry
in Yuma County represents an annual gross economic return of $3.2 billion, or
more than one-third of Arizona's annual total of $9.2 billion.

"Obviously, it's huge," she noted.

The Yuma Valley has some of the most fertile soil in the country thanks to
sediments deposited by the Colorado River.

The agriculture industry got a big push when the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation
built the first dam on the Colorado River and completed the Yuma Siphon, which
delivers water through a huge tunnel under the riverbed, in 1912.

"The siphon celebrated its centennial in June and it still supplies the Yuma
Main Canal. That's how they get irrigation water," Walker said.

Of the 230,000 acres of agriculture land in the county, 100 percent is irrigated
with Colorado River water.

"It's all about the river. That's why Yuma grew up here. And it still is for
agriculture. Without the river, we wouldn't have anything growing here," Walker
said.

But the river's economic impact goes far beyond agriculture. Walker noted that
the river is a source of recreation for individuals and families and it's
something in Yuma the bureau strongly markets.

"It draws visitors. There's something about the water that is appealing," Walker
said.

"The riverfront redevelopment opened up the river to the community and visitors.
The trails along the river are also very popular for biking, walking or hiking.
The river is a big draw also for fishing, boating, jet skiing."

Although it's hard to quantify the economic impact of the river when it comes to
tourism and recreation, Walker said it's one of the reasons people come to Yuma.

"While Yumans head to San Diego, San Diegans are heading to Yuma because the
water is warmer here."

A study released by Protect the Flows, a coalition of small businesses from the
Colorado River basin states, including Yuma River Tubing, recently released a
study showing the river's economic output derived from the river and its
tributaries

The study, "Colorado River, Inc.: The $26 Billion Recreation Resource Employing
a Quarter Million Americans," reports the Colorado River is a "major economic
powerhouse" fueling economies in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah and
Wyoming. As a corporation, the river would be the 19th largest employer on the
Fortune 500.

Economic benefits

The study found that 5.36 million adults use the Colorado River and its
tributaries for recreational activities, including picnicking, trail activities,
wildlife watching, camping, fishing, water sports, bicycling and snow sports
each year, and that such recreation, in turn, contributes significantly to the
economic growth and stability of basin region states.

Among the study's key findings, river-related recreation in the six-state
region:

--Supports 234,000 jobs across Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah and
Wyoming

--Produces $26 billion in economic output

--Generates $17 billion in retail sales

--Outperforms regional farming revenues by 14.6 percent on average

--Contributes $3.2 billion in federal, state and local tax revenue annually

--Provides enough state and local tax revenues to fund over 29,000 teacher
positions

--Creates $10.4 billion in annual earnings, salaries and wages.

Arizona's river economy

Arizona is home to a host of river-related activities that draw millions of
tourists from both within and outside of the state each year. Some 36 percent of
Arizonans recreate on the Colorado River and its tributaries, according to the
study.

The number of adults who use the river and its tributaries for recreation is 34
percent greater than the population of the Phoenix metropolitan area.

The study found that about 53,510 Arizonans are supported by the river's
recreation economy, significantly greater than AVENT, the state's largest
Fortune 500 company, which has 14,200 employees.

It also pointed out that retail sales associated with the Colorado River are 15
percent greater than the value of the state's annual agricultural production.

If people stopped using the Colorado River and its tributaries for recreation,
and did not spend their dollars elsewhere in the state, Arizona's unemployment
rates would increase by about 2.2 percent, the study said.

Slowing to a trickle

By the time the river reaches Yuma, 90 percent of the volume has been removed
and divided among Arizona communities and neighboring states, according to
Walker. It's used to sustain urban populations and agriculture.

"The flow used to be 10 times what it is now," Walker said.

The report concluded that stored water on the river has dropped 35 percent in
the last 12 years, with demand now far outweighing the river's supply. The river
now dries up in the Sonoran Desert, miles before it reaches the sea.

"If we stay on our current course, the Colorado River will slow to a trickle.
Fish won't be beckoning anglers to book a weekend trip. Rafters won't show up to
brave the rapids. Hikers and scenery seekers will go elsewhere. Local
communities will become a less attractive place to live. State and the federal
economies will suffer," the report states.

The study noted that without water flowing in the river to attract recreation
and tourism, basin state unemployment rates would increase by an average of 3
percent; state treasuries would risk losing $614 million in taxes; federal
government would risk losing over half a billion dollars in tax revenue; and the
six state area's economy would shrink by $25.67 billion -- equivalent to the
entire economy in Wyoming.

Policy changes

"The report comes as policy makers are exploring options to resolve the river's
supply and demand imbalance and highlights the clear link between river
conservation efforts and the West's economy," spokeswoman Rabia Shirazi said.

The Bureau of Reclamation (BOR) is considering proposals to resolve the supply
and demand imbalance during the final weeks of the Options and Strategies Phase
of the Colorado River Basin Study.

Upon completion in July, the BOR study will define current and future imbalances
in water supply and demand in the Colorado River Basin over the next 50 years.
It will provide adaptation and mitigation strategies to resolve those
imbalances.

The federal and state governments can then consider these findings when deciding
on measures to implement to solve the imbalance.

"This study makes it clear just how much the Colorado River needs to watch its
bottom line. Water-related recreation is our lifeline," said Molly Mugglestone,
Protect the Flows coordinator.

"The West's economic future is tied to this magnificent resource and the
recreation it encourages, so we would do well to do all we can to protect it and
keep the river flowing."

For the complete report and state-specific fact sheets, go to
http://protectflows.com/creating-jobs.

Mara Knaub can be reached at mknaub@yumasun.com or 539-6856. Find her on
Facebook at Facebook.com/YSMaraKnaub or on Twitter at @YSMaraKnaub.

___ (c)2012 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120610-YZ-The-Colorado-a-river-of-money-0610-20120610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2012 The Sun


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday
                              CourierMail Edition

$100m drought aid for farmers

BYLINE: JOHN MCCARTHY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 420  words


AN EXTRA $100 million in unwanted, cheap federal drought relief loans will be
redirected to Queensland and NSW just as farmers start to see the faint signs of
a wet season approaching.

Despite three-quarters of the state being drought-affected, the loans have not
been overwhelmingly successful in Queensland because of issues with banks.

So far only 58 Queensland farmers have taken up drought loans totalling about
$34 million and 93 have received the concessional loans that restructure debt
under a scheme started by Labor.

Banks see it as a competing and cheaper source of finance and are reluctant to
restructure a farmer's credit only to have it come back at a later date.

Farmers will be hoping that the storms brewing across the west of the state mean
the savage conditions will soon end.

The bone-dry western Queensland shire of Boulia is expecting a drenching this
weekend and Cloncurry's new weir is brimming after about 60mm of rain in the
past week.

The fall in the dollar has also boosted finances with beef exports booming but
graziers may miss much of the benefit after selling most of their herds last
year.

"These people will need to restock and unless they have a cash flow they haven't
got the business and they will be looking for the money to do this. This gives
us the capacity to make that money available,'' Federal Agriculture Minister
Barnaby Joyce said.

Agforce has welcomed the loans and restructuring of loan terms, but few farmers
have taken the loans available since early this year. The loans and the
Newstart-style household assistance payments were announced as part of a $280
million drought package.

About 4300 people are receiving the assistance payments which gives them up to
$1000 a fortnight to pay for groceries and essentials.

About $200 million has also been handed out in concessional loans to
drought-affected farmers, but some areas are not in drought and are unable to
access the loans.

"So what we have done is made sure that those areas which were not utilising the
funds - the money was moved to where we can," Mr Joyce said yesterday.

Queensland is expected to announce a boost in its drought assistance today when
Mr Joyce and state Agriculture Minister John McVeigh visit Winton where the
Katter Party is also holding a debt crisis meeting and will continue its push
for a rural bank.Mr Katter said there was no clear strategy relating to the
structural problems of rural debt. Mr Joyce also released a report showing
average farm debt was up 4 per cent in southwest Queensland.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Mail Today

                              July 6, 2009 Monday

Pranab plays loan-waiver card too

BYLINE: A. M. Jigeesh

LENGTH: 538  words


At a time when the rain gods are not so pleased, Union finance minister Pranab
Mukherjee envisaged a 4 per cent growth rate for agriculture for the coming
year.  To address the crisis that may emerge because of the delayed monsoon, he
extended the farm loan waiver scheme of the last budget by six months. He has
also announced a task force to study the problems of those farmers who borrowed
money from private money lenders.

According to the economic survey released last week, from the last three years'
average of 4.9 per cent the growth rate in the sector had dipped to 1.6 per cent
in 2008- 09. It added that agricultural growth is characterised by sharp
fluctuations and remains vulnerable to the vagaries of nature.  There is an
increase about Rs 1,000 crore in the allocation to agriculture for the coming
financial year. "Agriculture credit flow was Rs 2,87,000 crore in 2008- 09. The
target for agriculture credit flow for the year 2009- 10 is being set at Rs
3,25,000 crore," Mukherjee said.  "To achieve this, I propose to continue the
interest subvention scheme for short- term crop loans to farmers for loans up to
Rs 3 lakh per farmer at an interest rate of 7 per cent per annum," he added.
The government will also pay an additional subvention of 1 per cent as an
incentive to farmers who repay their short- term crop loans on schedule. The
minister made a budgetary provision of Rs 411 crore for this.  Mukherjee's
predecessor P. Chidambaram had given farmers with more than two hectare land
time till June 30, 2009 to pay 75 per cent of their overdue. Mukherjee extended
the deadline to December 31, 2009.  Though the government announced a task force
to study the issue of loans taken from private money lenders, no mention was
made of the problems of farmers from states other than Maharashtra.  Analysts
say only 25 per cent farmers borrow from the institutional credit system.
According to CPM-backed farmers' organisation Kisan Sabha: "The mention of a
task force to look into the issue of loans from private money lenders and
informal sources would not serve any purpose if it is going to be restricted
only to Maharashtra or Vidarbha.  "The phenomenon of farmers being indebted to
private money lenders is a nation-wide phenomenon and the National Commission on
Farmers' recommendation as well as the Kerala example should have been
considered rather than coming up with a halfbaked election- oriented measure."
Mukherjee provided an additional Rs 1,000 crore for the Accelerated Irrigation
Benefit Programme. The allocation for the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna is also
being stepped up by 30 per cent.  To address declining agricultural
productivity, the ministry announced its intention to move towards a
nutrientbased subsidy regime instead of the current product pricing regime.  "It
will lead to availability of innovative fertiliser products in the market at
reasonable prices. This unshackling of the fertiliser manufacturing sector is
expected to attract fresh investments in this sector. In due course it is also
intended to move to a system of direct transfer of subsidy to the farmers,"
Mukherjee said.   Courtesy: Mail Today (http://mailtoday.in)

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Mail Today, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 31, 1992, Tuesday

Madness of 'managed trade'

BYLINE: Ellen Goodmanunited/states; international; sales; competition; policy;
aid

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 338 words


So it has come to this. In the misguided and apparently desperate effort to make
government control the flow of trade, the U.S. Department of Agriculture is now
using your tax money to help foreign companies sell their products.

What happened is this. A $ 200 million program was set up to help push American
agricultural goods overseas; because companies like the Italian clothier
Benetton and the Japanese underwear firm Gunze use American cotton in their
products, the program gave them more than a million dollars each to point out
that fact.

Is this crazy? It probably is. But is it wrong, or even surprising? Not if you
listen to the people who want something called "managed trade."

Using government to promote exports is just like using government to limit
imports, in one important respect: Neither really does much to affect the total
flow of goods; what both do, mostly, is give one sector of the U.S. economy some
advantage at the cost (usually much greater) of some other.

An example from the import side: Last year, Washington decided to slap a heavy
tariff on imports of flat screens for laptop computers, to protect one small
company that still tries to make them in the United States. What happened was
that several computer makers, unable to compete with imported computers if they
had to pay the extra cost for the screens, moved their production offshore. As
usual in this kind of protectionist game, there were more American losers than
winners.

There are rare occasions when retaliation or punitive action is justified for
narrowly identified violations of fair-trade principles, and nobody ought to
object to the strongest pursuit of justice in such cases.

But the example of U.S. subsidies for Italian and Japanese clothing firms shows
that the notion of manipulating market forces under the rubric of "managed
trade" is nothing more than a fantasy. Future efforts to pervert the laws of
supply and demand through foolhardy programs of protectionism or "promotion"
ought to be rejected.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stateline.org

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday

Tracking the recession: USDA hands out stimulus money for flood projects

BYLINE: Stephen C. Fehr, Stateline.org

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 696 words


Apr. 14--Money from the economic stimulus package is beginning to flow to states
to rebuild aging flood-control structures, such as dams.

Dam safety is among the urgent infrastructure issues facing the nation,
according to transportation specialists. The Association of State Dam Safety
Officials estimates that $16 billion will be needed over the next 12 years to
repair the most critical, high-hazard dams.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture, as part of the $28 billion it is getting
from the stimulus package, announced April 6 that it would distribute $45
million to 11 states to finance flood control projects. The 27 projects will
create an estimated 1,000 jobs, officials said.

The 11 states are Arkansas, Georgia, Kansas, Massachusetts, Missouri, Nebraska,
New York, Oklahoma, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia.

"Many dams and other important flood control structures across the country are
in a race against time when it comes to their ability to protect people and
property from flooding," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said at a news
conference. "This funding is going to projects to avoid the risk of
infrastructure failure and the threat that would represent to life and
property."

State and local governments provide up to 35 percent of the funding for these
projects, with the stimulus money covering the rest.

Though most of the projects are in rural areas, two are in suburban Washington,
D.C. The agency said it would give Fairfax County, Va., $4.3 million of $6.2
million needed to repair aging dams that drain into Pohick Creek, which flows in
to the Potomac River. Vilsac said the dams will be upgraded to current safety
standards.

On weekdays, an estimated 112,000 vehicles travel over four major roads
downstream from the dams, which also protect railroads, including a commuter
line which carries about 9,000 riders on weekdays. Five utilities will also be
protected.

Adair County, Okla., will get $4 million in federal stimulus money for a $6.1
million project to provide and protect water to the city of Stilwell and a rural
water district. The local school district that gets water from this system is 94
percent Native American, with a poverty rate of 21 percent.

"This right here will take care of a lot that we need if it comes through," said
Stilwell mayor James Collins.

In Worcester, Mass., officials are planning to build two flood control
structures with $3.5 million in federal stimulus funds and $1.8 million in local
matching funds. The aim of the project, Vilsack said, is to provide some
protection from flood damage to 200 homes and businesses serviced by 24 bridges.
More than 2,000 residents will benefit, the secretary said.

The Georgia Soil and Water Conservation Commission offered $3 million to finance
watershed rehabilitation projects, which the federal government said it would
leverage with $6 million in stimulus money. Vilsack said as many as 168 jobs
will be created, providing a $14 million boost to the Georgia economy.

Dave White, director of the USDA's Natural Resources Conservation Service, said
many of the targeted dams and other flood control structures are deteriorating
rapidly.

"What we're often seeing is when that happens the materials that are used to
construct the principal spillway system...are subject to weathering," he said.
"They can all deteriorate and crack. Metal components will rust and corrode. We
try to go back in and repair those. We also have the situation where development
has occurred downstream, and it has changed the (dam) classification from like a
low hazard to a high hazard. And we have to go in and upgrade the dams' current
safety conditions."

Of the $28 billion stimulus money that the USDA received, Vilsack said, $20
billion goes to food assistance. The rest will be spent on infrastructure, rural
development and broadband expansion.

For more stories, visit http://www.stateline.org/. Copyright (c) 2009,
Stateline.org Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090414-SH-FLOOD-PROJECTS-STIM-FUNDS-20090414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SH


                            Copyright 2009 Stateline


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

European Commission to offer [#x20ac]500m to support dairy farmers

SECTION: CONSUMER MARKETS; Dairy & Soy Food

LENGTH: 259 words



HIGHLIGHT: The European Commission is set to offer funds worth [#x20ac]500m to
support the region's farmers, particularly those in the dairy industry, amid
ongoing market challenges.


The commission said that the latest comprehensive support package reflects its
continued commitment to the agricultural sector across the EU.

The measures in the new package include [#x20ac]150m to support an EU-wide
scheme to incentivise a reduction in milk production; [#x20ac]350m for
conditional adjustment aid; and a range of technical measures to provide
flexibility, cash-flow relief and reinforce the safety net instruments.

Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development Phil Hogan said: "Coming at a
time of significant budgetary pressures, this package provides a further robust
response, and means that the Commission has mobilised more than [#x20ac]1
billion in new money to support hard-pressed farmers.

"Our ultimate goal is to see the much needed recovery of prices paid to farmers,
so that they may make a living from their work and continue to provide safe,
high quality food for citizens, as well as their contribution to rural areas and
rural jobs and the provision of public goods."

The commission will finalise the details of the measures to be taken under the
new package in the coming weeks.

It said that in terms of additional financial resources, it has, in less than a
year, now mobilised in excess of [#x20ac]1bn in new money to support
hard-pressed farmers.

The latest package is in addition to a separate package for [#x20ac]500m
announced by the commission in September last year.

The commission's last year package focused on addressing the cash-flow
difficulties faced by farmers, ) stabilisation of markets and addressing the
functioning of the supply chain.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Lawmakers deciding how to spend Amendment 1 conservation dollars

LENGTH: 780  words


Now that Florida voters overwhelmingly approved a constitutional amendment
setting aside $10 billion over the next 20 years for water conservation, it's up
to the Legislature to allocate the money.
Not everyone agrees on what type of projects qualify for this Amendment 1
funding, an estimated $757.7 million this year alone, and that will promote
plenty of debate once the legislative session begins in March.


Florida's Water and Land Legacy, a coalition group that successfully pushed for
the ballot initiative, says it was clear about the types of initiatives that
would qualify for the money.
The group plans a rally at the Capitol on Feb. 18, a preventive strike of sorts
that will help spread its message that Amendment 1 dollars should be narrowly
focused.
"This is the Land and Water Conservation Amendment; what we're talking about
here is conservation," group chairman Will Abberger said Friday.
The coalition believes that 75 percent of voters supported the amendment in
November because they were told the money would be used to buy land that helps
improve Florida's water supply.
Conservation groups proposed the amendment to create a guaranteed source of
money for Everglades restoration and Florida Forever, a land acquisition
program, after years of complaining the Legislature and governor had not done
enough.
Opponents to the measure largely argued against using the state constitution to
carve out funding for specific programs, though some also questioned the need
for the government to buy more land.
Abberger gave the St. Johns River as an example of how he thinks Amendment 1
should work: Money could be used to buy or clean up land near tributaries and
springs that feed into the river to improve the quality of the water flow.
But there are more ideas for the money, which comes from setting aside 33
percent of the documentary stamp tax the state collects when real estate is
sold.
The amendment language approved by voters said the money could be used for
"restoration of natural systems" and "enhancement of public access or
recreational enjoyment of conservation areas."
"People think, look, it's just a land law; no, it isn't," said Sen. Charlie
Dean, R-Inverness, chairman of the Senate's Environmental Preservation and
Conservation Committee that is tasked with implementing the ballot initiative.
He said there are many ideas for how the dollars could be used that fit within
the scope of the ballot language.
The Legislature's budget process has not yet begun, and it's too early to tell
exactly what projects will receive Amendment 1 dollars this year.  Gov. Rick
Scott's proposed budget combines the Amendment 1 dollars with about $15.7
million left over in various state conservation accounts and divides it like
this: $150 million for the Everglades, $50 million for springs, $197 million for
land acquisition and management, $25 million to improve Florida beaches, $333.9
million to continue paying for projects already underway and $17.5 million for
wastewater programs in the Florida Keys.
The Senate has proposed legislation it says will provide greater transparency
and accountability for Amendment 1 dollars - the bills identify the accounts,
known as trust funds, the state would use to collect and spend the money - but
it doesn't determine what programs will receive money under this new structure.

It is also too early to tell whether Jacksonville's request to breach the Rodman
Dam to help improve water flow to the St. Johns River will become part of the
Amendment 1 debate.
The project would require the Legislature's approval.
A coalition that includes the St. Johns Riverkeeper, JAX Chamber and the
Jacksonville Port Authority supports restoring the Ocklawaha River and its
floodplains to allow more fresh water into the St. Johns. But business and
elected officials in Marion and Putnam counties say allowing the Rodman
Reservoir to drain would have a negative impact on tourism and cause wells in
the community to dry up.
Dean said he remembered the Rodman Dam, built in 1968, being a focus of heated
debate during his first year in the Legislature in 2002 and for many years
after. He has fished there and said he talked to people who say the reservoir
has improved agriculture and water supply.
"My personal opinion, I see it as an environmental asset not a detriment," Dean
said of the reservoir.
Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, a former member of the Florida House, also
expressed concern about the Jacksonville proposal, which has not yet been
formally introduced.
"There's an awful lot of good that we can do all around the state without
opening that can of worms," he said last month. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 11, 2011 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

FEDS PLAN TO SPEND $100M FOR EVERGLADES

BYLINE: CRAIG PITTMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: The money will buy development rights on 24,000 acres.


The Obama administration will announce today that it's spending $100 million
buying development rights from Central Florida ranchers and farmers to aid
wetland restoration on nearly 24,000 acres in the Northern Everglades.

By purchasing the rights, the government prevents the ranchers from paving over
the land - and also clears the way for restoring the wetlands that once carpeted
the landscape.

Restoring the wetlands would slow the flow of nutrient pollution now pouring
into Lake Okeechobee - pollution that turned a popular fishing spot into what
one government official described as "a chocolate mess." The lake is 730 square
miles in size but only 9 feet deep, and some of the bottom has 3 feet of
nutrient-packed ooze.

This is the largest single conservation outlay the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has ever made to a single state, according to USDA officials.

In an interview Wednesday, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said that by
reviving historic wetlands, the money would help create new habitat for
wildlife, aiding in the promotion of Florida tourism.

The announcement is part of an increasing shift by the Obama administration to
focus on the headwaters of the River of Grass - the area stretching from the
suburbs of Orlando to the shores of Lake Okeechobee - rather than just on the
Everglades.

Until the 1920s, Lake Okeechobee overflowed regularly. Rain south of Orlando
would swell the twisting Kissimmee River, which fed the lake. When the lake
overflowed, it would send water rolling into the Everglades, forming the River
of Grass.

But ranchers persuaded the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to straighten the
Kissimmee so they could have bigger, drier pastures. That sent polluted water -
from the ranches and from the sprawling suburbs - shooting into the lake. When
the corps released water from the lake into the Caloosahatchee and St. Lucie
rivers, fish quickly developed fin rot and other diseases.

The corps is now restoring the Kissimmee's bends, but has miles to go. The USDA
hopes to restore the wetlands that once filtered contaminants out of the water
flowing into the lake, as well as recharging the underground aquifer and storing
flood water.

Last year, the USDA announced it would spend $89 million buying development
rights on 26,000 acres along Fisheating Creek, which flows into the lake. In
February the Interior Department announced plans for turning 150,000 acres north
of the lake into the Everglades Headwaters National Wildlife Refuge.

"We applaud what they're doing for this landscape," said Keith Fountain of the
Nature Conservancy, an environmental group that also works on buying up
environmentally sensitive land.

By purchasing only the development rights, the USDA avoids paying full price for
the property it needs for the restoration work, officials said. The agency has
another $3 million set aside to assist landowners in restoring the wetlands that
once existed on that property.

This is not federal money the state can reject. Private landowners enroll
themselves in the program, and sign a contract directly with the USDA.

Craig Pittman can be reached at craig@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 18, 1984 Thursday

Rise seen in Ontario farm profit

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 511 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
 Ontario farm profits are expected to rise by 11.5 per cent this year,
 according to the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture and Food. This would be
 the second consecutive year in which profits have risen by more than 10
 per cent.

The industry has benefited from the decline in the value of the dollar
 against its U.S. counterpart, better commodity prices and higher volumes.
 And its financial condition will continue to improve, the ministry said.

Many farmers are still faced with cash flow problems, but others have
 adapted to the tough financial environment by changing their farming
 practices and using more astute management methods.

The ministry's latest estimates for 1984 show provincial farm revenue
 rising by 6.5 per cent to about $5.3-billion and net income by 11.5 per
 cent to $1.01- billion.

Ontario is by far the most important farming province with about 27 per
 cent of total Canadian revenue.

The ministry noted a wide variation in performance of different
 commodity groups.

The livestock sector expects higher profits as prices rise and costs
 decline. Revenue for the hog, cattle, dairy and poultry sectors are all
 expected to rise this year by about 6 per cent, because of production
 increases and better prices. Feed prices - usually the largest cost factor
 for hog producers - are forecast to decline because of the large corn crop
 in the United States, Ontario and Quebec and the continued use of wheat as
 a livestock feed.

However, in 1985 beef production is expected to drop, while hog
 marketings should remain stable or fall slightly. The dairy herd is
 forecast to remain constant, but poultry numbers will increase.

However, the reduction in the cattle herd and the tendency of many
 farmers to mix their own feed may cause problems for the feed industry.

The rise in tobacco revenue is estimated at 24 per cent this year, but
 is expected to fall in future because of declining world consumption and
 increased international competition. This phenomenon has already affected
 Ontario farmers. They lowered their plantings by 20 per cent this spring.

Relatively high interest rates will continue to have a major impact on
 farmers through the 1980s and this will limit the growth of industries
 that are dependent on agriculture, the ministry said.

Because of economic uncertainty and variable interest rates, farmers
 will be loathe to borrow money. They will reduce their debt loads, limit
 purchases and look for innovative ways to borrow money at a lower cost.

Existing financial instruments are not always suitable and the
 financial community may have to find new ways to serve the market, it
 said.

Fewer farmers will buy land, buildings or equipment through the 1980s
 because of the relatively high cost of credit. This will limit farm
 expansions, place further pressure on the farm equipment manufacturers and
 continue the decline in the price of land.

A federal survey showed that land values declined last year by 20 per
 cent in Alberta and 7 per cent in Ontario. However, prices have apparently
 stabilized or risen in most areas since then.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 23, 1998 Wednesday

BYLINE: Mark Hanson

LENGTH: 401 words


The 100 or so people who filled a meeting room at the Bismarck Civic Center's
Exhibition Hall Tuesday are often looked at as a last resort for farmers on the
edge of financial ruin. First there's the Farm Service Agency. ""We're the
lender of last opportunity,'' said Arnie Meyer, FSA farm loan program director.

In other words, if a farmer can't borrow money from anyone else, like private
banks, then the FSA will step in and help. Then there's the North Dakota
Mediation Service. A producer goes to this department once they have run into
financial troubles, such as missing loan payments. ""By definition, you're
working with the toughest cases in agriculture,'' commissioner of agriculture
Roger Johnson told the group. The two organizations are meeting to try to
streamline the way they help producers. And by the way things look, these two
offices will be busy. ""We look at all the ways to try and keep people out there
on the farm,'' Meyer said. ""At the present time that's difficult with the 1996
Farm Bill.'' Meyer's dilemma is that FSA cannot make a loan to a producer unless
that producer is current on previous FSA loan payments and can show a positive
cash flow. ""Seventy-five percent of our people will not make all their loan
payments for 1998,'' Meyer said. ""And the prices projected for next year means
the same amount won't be able to show a positive cash flow.'' That means those
75 percent won't be able to get an FSA loan next year. So where does that leave
the producer? ""It puts them in a situation of getting supplier credit, family
credit and, I'm afraid, a lot of credit cards, which is 15 to 18 percent
interest. Then it's very difficult,'' Meyer said. Meyer said the FSA went
through a similar situation in the late 1970s and early '80s. ""The only
difference was we had a price for the commodity then,'' he said. Meyer also
referred to a survey done by seven district offices this summer. The group
looked at 15 farms that offered a good representation of the state. Only four of
the 15 could show a positive cash flow. ""And that included the fact that 10 of
the 15 had an average off-farm income of $18,000,'' Meyer said. ""The 1996 Farm
Bill was passed with the pretense of a perfect world. And it isn't.'' The
conference, which also covers areas such as dealing with stress, shared
appreciation agreements and CRP issues, continues through Thursday at the Civic
Center.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 18, 2009 Friday

Dairy farmers getting help as milk prices plunge: Federal aid welcome, but
policy seen as the real problem

BYLINE: Jenna Cho, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


Dec. 18--Like most of the 152 dairy farms in Connecticut, Tiffany Farm in Lyme
has struggled this year to absorb a sustained drop in milk prices.

Owner Jack Tiffany, who is currently milking about 80 to 85 cows, said he has an
outstanding bill of about $12,000 to $14,000 for grain alone. A load of grain to
feed his cows costs about $6,000 and will last him about two weeks, he said.

Tiffany's not alone. During the dip in milk prices, which only started to abate,
slowly, in October, dairy farmers across the state and country have had to
borrow money to cover basic expenses and keep their farms running through one of
the worst years in recent memory.

On Thursday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced that dairy farmers
nationwide will soon receive one-time cash payments from $290 million set aside
in the 2010 Agriculture appropriations bill to directly help the farmers. The
first measure of its kind in recent years, the money will be sent out starting
Christmas Eve under the Dairy Economic Loss Assistance Payment Program.

Tiffany hadn't yet calculated how much his share of the payment would be but
said he would use whatever amount he got to pay off his grain bill and buy feed
and fertilizer for the spring.

"It isn't as if you're going to take this money ... to go to the casino or
something," Tiffany said.

The stimulus check of sorts for dairy farmers was added into the bill thanks in
part to the efforts of U.S. Rep. Joe Courtney, D-2nd District, who pushed for
the emergency funding and revived the Congressional Dairy Farmers Caucus to
campaign for help for dairy farmers.

"It's a good thing that they're getting some help with the cash flow," Courtney
said Thursday. "My hope is that this will provide some short-term assistance in
terms of making their payments. ... But it's far from a solution."

Milk prices dropped 27 percent between the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first
quarter of 2009, according to the USDA. That meant that what farmers got for
their milk this summer was only about half the cost of producing it, the USDA
stated.

Dairy farmers receive a federal subsidy through the Milk Income Loss Contract
(MILC) when the price of milk falls below a certain threshold, but it hasn't
been enough to make up for the difference between the cost of production and the
return, said Amanda Freund, dairy policy grass-roots coordinator for the
Connecticut Farm Bureau, a group that represents local farmers.

The cyclical nature of milk prices means there has always been some fluctuation,
but "now we're dealing with prices that go really, really high but then they
drop and go really, really low," Freund said. "The farmers that are still around
today were able to save enough from when prices were good to get them through
the low periods. But when we start to have this extreme in price volatility,
there's no way to really, truly prepare yourself."

Farmers in Connecticut this year received much-needed financial assistance from
the state, but emergency funding such as the federal payment program is "a
Band-Aid," Freund said. The true work lies in fixing dairy policy, she said.

"It's not that these farmers don't know how to run an effective, efficient
business," Freund said. "No matter how efficient you are, these prices just
aren't covering (the) costs."

The number of dairy farmers in Connecticut has dwindled from 240 in 2000 to 152
today, according to the Connecticut Farm Bureau. In 1940, the state had 6,233
dairy farms, said Freund, whose own family operates a dairy farm in East Canaan.

Jerry Grabarek, a former Preston selectman who runs Preston Farms, said he
expects to get about $1,400 from the USDA, based on a formula that calculates
how much milk each farm commercially marketed between February and July.

The amount is "better than nothing," he said, but it would hardly cover a week's
worth of grain for his 46 cows.

Dairy farmers need to continue to work with legislators to "fix the broken milk
marketing system in this country," Grabarek said.

"The milk price, it's just like a roller coaster, it goes up, it goes down," he
said. "There's no rhyme or reason to it."

j.cho@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091218-NL-Dairy-farmers-getting-help-as-milk-prices-plunge-1218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2009 The Day


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             March 18, 2013 Monday

The Yingluck government has finally decided to maintain the rice-pledging price
at Bt15,000 per tonne for another year. Cabinet has given the Finance Ministry
the green light to guarantee Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives
(BAAC) loans worth Bt74.2 billion to finance the rice-pledging scheme in the
2012/2013 harvest season.

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 520 words


Cabinet's decision to maintain the rice-pledging price could further dampen
Thailand's export competitiveness and rice-trading. Moreover, the massive scheme
will squander more government money.

Ironically, it was reported that even BAAC executives disagreed with the scheme.
The BAAC has only Bt20 billion of cash flow left â[#x20ac]" and the state-run
bank has to spend money to finance other projects. Proposals were made to reduce
the rice-pledging price to make it more realistic.

The distortion of rice prices saw the Kingdom lose its status as top-ranked
export nation to India last year. Thailand's share of the cake dropped from 33.5
per cent in 2011 to 22 per cent, while India's share more than doubled from 15
per cent to 32 per cent. But the politicians later decided to go full-steam
ahead with the populist policy. The government decided to extend the pledging
price for another year.

Spending on the rice scheme for the past full year totalled Bt337.24 billion,
comprising Bt118.57 billion for major-crop rice and Bt218.67 billion for
second-crop rice. The government gained only Bt20 billion from rice sales. The
BAAC has complained that it lacks the funds to continue the pledging scheme.

The government has tried to ask other rice-exporting nations to ensure that
rice-price movements run in parallel to ensure the price competitiveness of Thai
rice on the world market. But the proposal is unlikely to be accepted by other
countries, which wish to capitalise on the cheaper cost of production at home.
The extension of the pledging scheme for another year will also exacerbate the
problem regarding the unloading of the government's rice stockpile.

The programme has distorted the market and made Thai rice expensive. But the
government insists on going ahead with this plan simply because it was one of
the government's political promises. The promised high pledging price was one of
the major policies that enabled Yingluck and her party to win the last general
election. But the government should not link the future of Thai rice to its
political future without considering the implications of its decision for the
majority of Thai farmers.

The rice-pledging scheme has made Thai rice more costly than other countries'
such as Vietnamese rice. It is expected that Thailand will be able to export
only 6.5 million tonnes this year, compared to more than 10 million tonnes in
the past. The government wrongly claims that quantity does not count as much as
quality. Because in this case, Thai rice is also losing market share in the
premium fragrance rice category. The pledging scheme has eroded the incentives
for farmers to improve the quality of rice.

In the long term, the government could go bankrupt because of excessive spending
via high subsidy costs. Rice farmers will also suffer when the programme does
eventually come to an end. The scheme can be addictive. And it could erode their
enthusiasm to improve their quality and productivity.

Pledging at high prices during the past two years has already proved ruinous to
the industry.

The Yingluck government must be held accountable for the consequences of this.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 8, 2007 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Settlement source has its critics

BYLINE: By Virginia Young POST-DISPATCH JEFFERSON CITY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


ILLEGAL? 2 Democrats say $70,000 offer in sex harassment case included federal,
other funds.

STATE SAYS It's a cash-flow issue and that account could have been repaid later
from proper fund.

---

Democratic legislators said Wednesday that Gov. Matt Blunt's administration may
have illegally used federal funds for a $70,000 settlement check issued in a
sexual harassment case.

The source of the money has been under the microscope since the attempted
settlement failed and Agriculture Department Director Fred Ferrell resigned
under pressure Feb. 26.

After learning that department officials had used "federal and other funds" in
an equipment account for the settlement, Reps. Rachel Storch, D-St. Louis, and
Margaret Donnelly, D-Richmond Heights, questioned the legality of the
expenditure.

Blunt's administration acknowledged it was not "standard practice" to pay
settlements from the account but called the move acceptable because the account
could have been reimbursed later from the proper fund.

"This is more of a cash-flow issue," said Rich AuBuchon, deputy commissioner of
administration. He said the department had intended to seek reimbursement from
the state's Legal Expense Fund.

The developments followed the resignation Monday of State Veterinarian Shane
Brookshire, who helped bring the sexual harassment case to the governor. Last
May, he accompanied his assistant, Heather Elder, to the governor's office to
file her complaint against Ferrell.

Elder said Ferrell frequently hugged her, kissed her on the cheek and called her
his "princess." Three times Ferrell suggested he would like to see her in a wet
T-shirt contest, according to witnesses interviewed by the Highway Patrol. Elder
contended she was denied a promotion because she is a woman.

According to the Highway Patrol, Brookshire told investigators that Ferrell had
nixed a promotion for Elder within the Animal Control Division. Brookshire said
Ferrell told him: "You don't want women supervising men."

Blunt's spokeswoman, Jessica Robinson, said Wednesday that she believed
Brookshire was leaving because he got a better job. Agriculture officials said
Brookshire resigned effective March 15 to take a position at a pharmaceutical
firm in Georgia. He could not be reached for comment.

Blunt has drawn criticism for letting Ferrell stay as director for nine months
after Elder's complaint was investigated. The governor has said he was appalled
at Ferrell's behavior. Last May, no details were made public, but Blunt ordered
Ferrell to apologize and undergo 20 hours of sensitivity training.

Information released by Blunt's office this week shows that Ferrell completed
all 20 hours in June by taking "interactive" computer courses and attending
three diversity seminars sponsored by state agencies.

The Department of Corrections ran two of the seminars at its training academy in
St. Joseph. The Office of Administration ran the other one. Two, one-hour
computer courses with tests rounded out Ferrell's training.

The state contends that Elder agreed to the settlement, then tried to back out.
Details of the case became public last month, after the state filed suit in Cole
County Circuit Court to enforce the settlement.

Elder, who returned the $70,000 check, has said she rejected the settlement
because she didn't want to keep the matter secret. She countered with a sexual
harassment and discrimination suit against Ferrell.

Blunt said he forced Ferrell out last week because Ferrell could no longer be an
effective leader, but his exit hasn't quelled the controversy.

Donnelly and Storch serve on the House Budget Committee, which quizzed
Agriculture officials about the settlement check. Donnelly said afterward that
"it's of questionable legality to use federal grant money for these purposes."

Storch said she had not signed an earlier letter from Democrats criticizing
Blunt's handling of the Ferrell matter because she had worked well with Ferrell
and didn't want to "demagogue" the issue. She recalled having lemonade with
Ferrell and his wife at their home in Charleston when she attended an
agricultural event in Ferrell's area.

But Storch said she was increasingly concerned that Blunt's administration had
tried to orchestrate a cover-up.

"There may have been widespread fraud perpetrated by high-level members of this
administration," Storch said.

Robinson said Blunt had expected the allegations and the settlement to become
public when the matter was concluded.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday

Farmers focus on credit in difficult times

BYLINE: Sharon Dunn, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Jan. 29--The credit crunch hasn't yet hurt the agriculture industry, but farmers
and lenders aren't holding their breaths.

While some farmers already have prepared for a tighter lending market prior to
their annual growing season, others worry they may have to scale back with the
economy or plant that much more to pay off carryovers from last year.

This year may be a bit more difficult on the agriculture industry, as commodity
prices have sunk with the economy -- especially corn prices that are about half
what they were last year -- plus ever-increasing costs of fertilizer and seed.

"The price of seed is up, fertilizer's up, and when you pencil things out,
they're tight," said Charlie Bartlett, who farms 300 acres of corn, wheat and
pinto beans near Sterling. "It makes me think about cutting back on the number
of acres of crops and changing the mix."

Bartlett was among a sizeable crowd of farmers and others Wednesday at the
Colorado Farm Show in Greeley.

One thing is certain: Lenders will ask more questions when it comes to cash
flows and balance sheets for farming operations and their annual loans.

"The credit is the biggest unknown," said Shawn Martini, spokesman for the
Colorado Farm Bureau, "but it seems to be slowing better than we thought. Early
on, when some of the bigger banks started to freeze up, we were worried at how
Farmer Mac was going to fare, and it's ended up being in a good position to
weather this storm."

Farmer Mac is the federal equivalent of the federal housing and education
lenders, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae.

Martini said many farmers came into this year well positioned.

Because of high commodity prices, some producers were able to pay off debt they
had been carrying over, Martini said.

However, Lelyn Larson, who farms corn and alfalfa with his father and son in
Barnesville east of Gill, said he's worried about this season with an uncertain
economy. But, he will have to carry over debt, too.

"You've gotta have loans to get the crop harvested," he said. "I'm not going to
get last year's debt paid off, so it will just make next year that much harder."

As with housing and car lending, agriculture loans will be under a greater
microscope.

"The (loan) standards are getting so stringent, it's pushing out a lot of new
farmers, or some who are on the cusp," said Brett Hemenover, a loan underwriter
at Mountain Plains Farm Credit Services of Greeley. "In the lower quality
borrower, they have to put 40 to 50 percent down. No one has that kind of money.
"

Even strong borrowers, Hemenover said, will need to put at least 35 percent
down, as opposed to 20 percent to 30 percent a year ago.

"We're seeing more people come to us (for lending) because a lot of commercial
banks out there are walking away from anything over 10 acres," he said.

Tony Miller, senior lender with First Farm Bank, said there is money to loan.

"We probably need to look at the project ... to make sure what they want to
borrow has a chance of getting paid," Miller said. "This year, farmers will
probably have to cut back on expenses. When corn was $6 a bushel, it was easier
(to give loans). ...

There's a lot of good managers out there who've been through tough times. In
good times, they live on their cash flow. In tough times, they live on their
equity."

Chad Koepke, who farms for Hertnecky Farms in Burlington, said his operation has
prepared for this growing season.

"We're more worried about next year," Koepke said. "You just hope and pray you
can make it work."

Lowell Messman, aggregation specialist with AgraGate Climate Credits Corp. in
West Des Moines, Iowa, will discuss Carbon Credits: A New Source for Farming
Revenue at 11 a.m. today for the last day of the Colorado Farm Show in the
meeting room of the Exhibition Building at Island Grove Regional Park.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090129-GY-Farmers-focus-on-credit-in-difficult-times-0129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2009 Greeley Tribune


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

UFU presents farm cash flow proposals to minister

LENGTH: 758  words


THE Ulster Farmers' Union leadership have presented the Agriculture Minister
with a number of initiatives to ease the cash flow problems being faced by many
local farms.

The UFU says the financial difficulties faced by farmers is the result of a very
difficult farming year in 2012 with businesses affected by bad weather, rising
costs and disappointing farm gate prices.

The union says the quality, availability and price of winter fodder is making
matters worse for many producers.

In a meeting with the Agriculture Minister, the UFU tabled the following
proposals:

l DARD should request permission from the EU Commission to immediately release
50% of outstanding Single Farm Payments to applicants who are unlikely to have
serious penalties arising from their claim.

l DARD veterinary staff should review their restrictions on setting up "Approved
Finishing Units" with a view to urgently putting in place AFU's which could
relieve the pressure on herds with movement restrictions due to animal disease
controls.

l DARD should consider whether LFA payments could be released earlier than early
March.

l DARD should consider releasing part payments on all outstanding Agri
Environment scheme claims.

l DARD should consider setting aside some Rural Development funding as an
"animal welfare crisis fund", should current difficulties get worse.

l The Agriculture and Finance Ministers should consider a joint approach to HMRC
to request a deferment of farm business taxation due at the end of January.

l The Agriculture and Finance Ministers should consider whether a short term
loan guarantee scheme could be established to deal with farm businesses where
banks are refusing to extend additional facilities.

UFU president Harry Sinclair said: "These are pro-active measures which we feel
are necessary and would considerably assist farmers who are facing a very
difficult winter with a growing cash flow problem.  I hope the Northern Ireland
Executive can respond positively.

"The underlying prospects for the future of the industry are very good but there
is a cash flow problem this winter which needs to be overcome so that we can
realise the anticipated economic growth which the industry has the potential to
deliver."

Speaking after the meeting the minister said it was an opportunity for her to
hear at first hand the UFU's concerns about the real financial problems facing
the local farming industry.

"I am very conscious of the difficult situation facing our farmers and wider
rural communities at this time, in the context of rising production costs,
increasing feed prices and the impact of the recent bad weather," she added.

"While many of the contributing factors are beyond our control, such as weather
conditions and the volatility of global markets, I believe that all farmers
should get a fair price for their produce and that everyone in the food supply
chain should share in the risks, costs and rewards.

"My department will continue to support farmers and already has a number of
initiatives in place designed to help farmers operate in the most efficient and
cost-effective way they can. For example, under the Rural Development Programme,
my department has provided £45 million funding for a number of schemes which are
open to all farming sectors. In addition, I recently announced my decision not
to apply a further year's voluntary modulation which will have the effect of
adding £15 million (at current exchange rates) available to farmers through the
2013 SFP payments and helping them to plan ahead."

In response to concerns raised by the UFU about cash-flow difficulties due to
restrictive money lending by banks etc to help ease farmers' cash-flow
difficulties, the minister said that she would carefully examine any options
that are available to help assist the local industry during these difficult
times.

"I share the UFU's concerns about the increase in production costs and current
market conditions being experienced by farmers here. We all want to see a
profitable local agri-food sector as part of a thriving and sustainable rural
economy. My department will continue to provide advice and assistance to ensure
that farmers are operating in the most cost-effective way they can. Despite this
difficult trading background, I am encouraged that stakeholders are engaging
positively with the Agri-Food Strategy Board as it considers a longer-term
strategy for growth of the industry.  More than ever, the industry needs to have
a clear vision of what it can achieve and what action is required to support its
development."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

'Cowboy-Banker' Proves To Be Winning Combination;
President of Idaho's Tri-State Bank Finds It Profitable to Be Close to His
Rancher Customers

                             March 22, 1982, Monday

By PHILLIP L. ZWEIG

DATELINE: MONTPELIER, Idaho


Just after daybreak on a fall morning, 25 denim-clad men mount their horses and
set out to comb the rugged canyons of the Caribou National Forest for several
thousand head of cattle that had grazed there since May.

Of the 25 wranglers, most are hired hands, a few are ranchers, and one -- Willis
''Bill'' Candland -- is the president of the $19 million-deposit Tri-State Bank
& Trust Co. here.

The tall, robust Mr. Candland is a plain-talking, no-nonsense ex-Marine who has
combined the skills of a banker and a rancher to profitably serve a market --
cattle ranching -- that is suffering from declining beef consumption, high
interest rates, soaring fuel and feed prices, and cuts in federal farm lending
programs.

It is not unusual in western ranching country for bankers to participate in the
humdrum chores of their customers. But the depth of Mr. Candland's involvement
has prompted some of his customers to refer to him as the ''cowboy banker'' of
Bear Lake Valley, a grassy plateau straddling the border between southeastern
Idaho and northeastern Utah.

Hay is the primary crop here, and there is some wheat and barley production, as
well as dairy farming. But in general the valley's economy rises and falls with
the fortunes of the cattle industry.

Leaning on a fence post at the Bear Lake County stockyards, Mr. Candland
observes, ''In agricultural lending, you really must be close to your customers'
operations. That's the big difference between ag banking and other types of
commercial finance. In other types of businesses, you can take stock or
securities as collateral. You need only to look at the numbers.''

The 46-year-old Mr. Candland wears wire-rimmed glasses and parts his silver-grey
hair slightly off center. He looks a bit like a banker who might have headed
Tri-State's predecessor institution, the Bank of Montpelier, when it was robbed
in 1896 by Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.

In 1965, after several years as a loan officer with Salt Lake City's Valley
Bank, he joined Tri-State as executive vice president, and in 1969 became its
president. He and his wife Maxine have a son 15, and two daughters, ages 16 and
20.

While he shuns multisyllable jargon like market segmentation, the former
chairman of the American Bankers Association's agricultural banking division has
demonstrated that a well-managed small bank can make money -- even in tough
times -- by concentrating on what it does best.

In contrast to the more diversified portfolios of Montpelier's other commercial
banks -- the Salt Lake City-based First Security Bank and Boise's Idaho First
National Bank -- Tri-State's loans are heavily skewed toward agriculture. Almost
40% of its $12 million portfolio consists of loans to farmers. Another 18% are
commercial loans, most of them agriculture related.

In 1981, Tri-State earned $200,000 in net operating income, a return of 0.98% on
average assets. While these results represent a drop of 25% from 1980 earnings
of $262,000 and return on assets of 1.39%, they still are respectable
considering the weakness of agriculture in general and cattle ranching in
particular.

Problems Facing Tri-State

The problems facing Tri-State and its customers are reflective of those
confronting ag banks and farmers elsewhere in the country, problems some say
that will drastically cut the number of these banks by the end of the decade.
But those who make these predictions may fail to consider the fierce loyalties
between bankers and their customers in communities like Montpelier.

They may also overlook the adaptability of small institutions. Once the site of
a Union Pacific repair yard, Montpelier (pop. 3,000) now may be on the verge of
an oil and gas development boom. And Tri-State has already cast its net out to
snare the business of the first wave of energy-service firms to arrive here.

Boom or no boom, agriculture is likely to remain Mr. Candland's top priority.

One rancher-customer observed, ''Bill Candland knows our problems because he
grew up borrowing money and paying it off.'' Another said admiringly, ''He knows
the menu at a sheep camp.''

In fact, he was raised on a Utah sheep ranch, holds a degree in agricultural
economics from Utah State, and is as adept in helping his customers brand and
vaccinate their calves as he is in projecting their cash flows.

Mr. Candland, who before banking hours feeds his own string of quarter horses,
mules, and a small herd of Holstein steers, occasionally buys and sells cattle
and even farmland on behalf of his customers.

And Mr. Candland's customers, like farmers elsewhere in the country, need all
the help they can get. Faced with their tightest financial squeeze in years,
their capacity to borrow and repay money in the coming months will be severely
limited.

In the last few years, with high interest rates and fuel bills, and an increased
reluctance by fuel, feed, and other suppliers to extend trade credit, ranchers
have considered themselves fortunate to break even. But in 1981, largely because
of declining U.S. beef consumption, prices paid to ranchers have dropped
dramatically. Ranchers who ''run yearlings'' (buying calves from cow-calf
operators, doubling their weight and selling them a year later) sustained a $50
to $75 per head loss in 1981, according to Mr. Candland. Consequently, last year
he designated a couple of his large loans as nonaccruing, a move that
contributed to the decline in his 1981 earnings.

The uncertainty about interest rates and prices of cattle, grain, and other farm
commodities has reshaped lending practices at many agricultural banks such as
Tri-State. Until about four years ago, most banks would accept livestock or
grain as collateral, later gravitating toward equipment and land as security.

Now, explains Mr. Candland, operating loans are generally secured with mortgages
on farmland, with the bank lending up to 75% its value. At the same time,
agricultural bankers are lending more on the basis of cash flows than ever
before: ''If the loan does not make sense from the point of view of the cash
flow,'' Mr. Candland says, ''it will usually not be made regardless of the
collateral.'' But this development, he adds, has had one positive side effect --
it has forced farm borrowers to become more sophisticated in their budgeting and
management practices.

Lending to huge, mechanized livestock and grain operators can be done almost
entirely by analyzing cash flow projections and income statements, Mr. Candland
says. However, in financing the countless ''cow-calf'' and yearling operations
that are typical of the ranches in this part of the country, a banker's ability
to assess the farming skills of his customers as well as the condition of their
stock and equipment bears directly upon the quality of the institution's assets
and earnings.

Caring for Cattle

So when Mr. Candland or his vice president for agricultural lending, R.H.
''Pat'' Long, go out on a ''ranch inspection'' -- done semiannually for all
credits over $25,000 -- they scrutinize their borrower's facilities, equipment,
livestock, and farming practices.

For example, one infrequent but telltale sign of a haphazard operation is the
failure of the rancher to properly castrate, de-horn, and brand his cattle, a
shortcoming that could result in lower prices when he brings his stock to
market. Castrating a calf when he weighs more than 100 pounds can make him sick,
causing him to lose weight.

The banker's skill at spotting potentially weak credits will become even more
critical as a result of the Reagan Administration's cutbacks in lending and
guarantees by the Farmers Home Administration (or FmHA), the lender of last
resort to marginal farms.

Now that the agency is trying to wean its stronger borrowers off its books, many
farmers who once relied on the FmHA for short-term financing at below-market
rates are looking to the commercial banks and Production Credit Associations
(government units which make loans directly to farmers) for their operating
loans, according to Mr. Candland.

But in most cases, they're not getting a favorable reception, he says.

No Available Dollars

''It's a very inopportune time for the FmHA to do this,'' Mr. Candland observes.
''In the majority of cases, we can't help them. Most ag banks just don't have
the available dollars to take on new lines of credit.

''Historically,'' he adds, ''agriculture has enjoyed favorable interest rates.
But now, because of all the pressures on the money market, agriculture is going
to have to pay the market rate at a time when it can least afford it.''

Confirming the financial problems of the nation's farmers, a recent American
Bankers Association survey found that loan quality had fallen to the low levels
of the 1974 and 1976 recession years.

While the same survey showed that agriculture bank liquidity was generally high,
the availability of funds is a big concern in the ''intermountain'' area, which
comprises parts of Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, and Montana. ''Most correspondents in
this area,'' he explains, ''have been reluctant to expand agriculture lending.''

Although he upstreams some of his credits to the $159 million-deposit Valley
Bank in Idaho Falls and the Eastern Idaho Production Credit Association, he has
to rely heavily on the Omaha National Bank -- some 800 miles to the east -- to
sell participations or overlines on credits exceeding his $200,000 lending
limit.

In Need of Capital

Richard J. Yeshnowski, Omaha National's vice president for agribusiness lending,
observes, ''Agriculture's demand for capital has increased more rapidly than
some banks' ability to provide it. A farm that may have required only $50,000 or
so in operating capital three to five years ago may now require as much as
$250,000.''

Mr. Yeshnowski quipped, ''Some of our eastern banks come in and say, 'We won't
put our money on anything with four legs that could die.' '' Omaha National, he
says, funds participations through the sale of commercial paper by its AgCo
Corp. subsidiary.

While acknowledging that agriculture has become a problem industry and that the
''rate which correspondents want is greater than the rate at which ag banks
write their credits,'' Mr. Candland believes they could make agricultural
lending profitable if they were willing to develop the expertise.

Meanwhile, he sees the need for ''some means of moving funds from
deposit-surplus areas to deficit-deposit or high-loan-demand areas.'' One
possibility, he says, would be to ''cross stream'' loans among small
agricultural banks.

Citing a plan now being contemplated in the Midwest, he says that another might
be the creation of ''a c entral vehicle, like an ag credit corporation, that
could issue debt instruments. Surplus deposit banks,'' he explains, ''would
invest in these notes, and the funds would be made available for discounting ag
credits for highly loaned banks.''

Volatile interest rates have also forced Tri-State to consider pricing its
commercial loans on a floating-rate basis, a move that will require the
reprogramming of its NCR minicomputer. At present, most of these loans are
priced on a six-month basis and tied to six-month money market certificates.

At Best a Risky Business

Even under ''normal'' market conditions, asset-liability management at a small
agricultural bank is a onerous task. Vagaries in the weather can profoundly
affect the asset mix, loan paybacks, and investment decisions.

For example, Tri-State last year held $1.5 million in secondary liquidity bonds
set to mature in mid-June to coincide with the peak draw-down period for
agriculture loans. But because of a mild winter and early spring, demand for
cash surged in May, when the federal funds rate hovered around 19%.

Rather than take a heavy loss on the bonds, Tri-State was forced to borrow in
the fed funds market at the prevailing high rates.

Coming Energy Boom?

Amid all the difficulties faced by Mr. Candland and his customers, two
developments give them reason for optimism: oil and gas. Montpelier sits
strategically within the energy-rich Overthrust Belt, a 60-mile-wide swath
extending northward from Mexico through the Rocky Mountain states and into
Canada.

Natural gas has been discovered on grazing land belonging to a few of Mr.
Candland's rancher customers, and there is now talk that Montpelier could become
the center for oil and gas development in southeastern Idaho. Oil production in
the area around Evanston, Wyo., just 75 miles to the south, has turned the
former rail depot into an energy boom town.

In fact, one rancher says that had it not been for Mr. Candland's willingness to
renew the operating credits of local ranchers several years ago -- over the
objections of several bank directors -- the ranchers might have been forced to
capitulate to gas-exploration concerns seeking to lease their land at
rock-bottom prices. Tri-State advanced the funds for test drilling, a move
likely to pay off in higher royalties and lease payments than would otherwise
have been possible.

Already energy service firms like Sweetwater Fishing and Tool Rental and Tooke
Engineering have moved into the area, borrowing funds from Tri-State and First
Security to establish facilities.

One result of this activity has been a dramatic increase in requests by
newcomers for personal loans of $500 to $1,500, most of which Tri-State has
declined to grant. The need for cash to meet payrolls has also risen
tremendously.

Ability to Adjust

In Tri-State's case, luck may play a large part in helping it diversify its
portfolio and prosper in the 1980s. But in general, Mr. Candland believes that
the survival of small banks will depend on their ability to adjust to changing
market and regulatory conditions.

For its part, Tri-State in 1972 gave up its national charter and became a state
-chartered, nonmember bank. That enabled it to get ''double mileage'' out of its
correspondent bank balances. Now Mr. Candland is contemplating the formation of
a one-bank holding company with a view toward offering nonbank products like
farm insurance and computer services for farmers and local corporations.

''Agricultural bankers have traditionally adjusted very well, but we're still
going to have to change,'' he says. ''It's going to be tougher to do everything
well. There may be banks that have to gear themselves to the needs of pork
producers, or dairymen, cow-calf operators, and so on. Agricultural lenders --
as well as farmers -- who aren't innovative and adaptable just won't be around
for very long.''

SECTION: MOVERS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 2441 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Willis ''Bill'' Candland, president of the Tri-State Bank &
Trust Co., Montpelier, Idaho, is sometimes referred to as the cowboy banker.
''In agricultural lending, you really must be close to your customers'
operations.''

                      Copyright 1982 American Banker, Inc.


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             July 14, 2012 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FEDS GIVE $80M FOR GLADES

BYLINE: CRAIG PITTMAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: KISSIMMEE



HIGHLIGHT: Officials announcing the election-year gift tout Obama's commitment
to restoration.


The Everglades always draws a crowd in an election year.

On Friday, several Obama administration officials held a news conference to
announce that an additional $80 million had been set aside to help restore
23,000 acres of wetlands on farms and ranches in the northernmost reaches of the
River of Grass.

They also wanted to tout how the president, now running for re-election, had
poured $1.5 billion into various Everglades projects over the past 31/2 years,
jump-starting a federal effort that had languished under President George W.
Bush.

"The president has made restoration of the Everglades a national priority," U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, the most senior of the four administration
officials who flew in for the announcement.

Environmental activists and agriculture industry leaders alike said they
welcomed the election-year attention - and the money being spent to set aside
land for restoration and preservation.

"Of course there are political overtones" to the announcement, said Frank
Jackalone of the Sierra Club, who attended the event at the Disney Wilderness
Preserve in Kissimmee. "Florida is a key battleground state. I've got Sierra
Club members in other states complaining to me that Obama hasn't done anything
in their state like what's been done in Florida."

"Election years are always helpful," agreed Charles Lee of Audubon of Florida.
"But this is a big deal."

The $80 million from the USDA's wetlands program stands in sharp contrast to
"the lack of interest by our state leaders for doing anything for land
acquisition," Lee said.

According to Vilsack, past contributions combined with the new $80 million is
the most money his department has budgeted for one state in its history. The
money will be used to buy development rights from ranchers and then restore
wetlands on the property.

"No other state has seen this level of support in this short a time," said
Vilsack as dragonflies, butterflies and a lone swallowtail kite flew over the
sun-baked prairie behind him.

That money is targeted at the northern end of the Everglades in Central Florida,
where federal officials are trying to establish a new wildlife refuge. The more
expensive and complicated task lies south of Lake Okeechobee, where the state
and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers are trying to undo the complex and
destructive drainage and flood-control system built there between the 1940s and
1960s, as well as clean up the flow of pollution.

In 2000, President Bill Clinton and Gov. Jeb Bush signed an agreement to launch
an ambitious series of projects to restore that end of the River of Grass. The
state and federal government were supposed to be partners, but after the Sept.
11 attacks the federal government left the state to do most of the work. The
state has so far outspent the federal government by $3 billion to $854 million.

A report by the National Academy of Sciences last month found that, a dozen
years after the much-ballyhooed launch of Everglades restoration, too much of
the work done so far has focused on water storage and flood-control projects on
the edges that benefit cities and farmers.

Not enough has been aimed at reviving the marshes and sloughs that are crucial
to the Everglades' flow and to its remaining wildlife, the report found.

Thus, over the past 12 years, as politicians and bureaucrats have repeatedly
announced progress on Everglades initiatives, the Everglades' natural systems
have continued to degrade.

However, the report found, there are some signs that things are starting to turn
around - the spread of cattails, replacing the native sawgrass, has at last
slowed, for instance.

But there's still a long way to go. The cleanup of damaging phosphorus - a
common fertilizer ingredient that drains into the Everglades from farms and
yards with every rainstorm - has cut the concentration to 34 parts per billion
in the water, but the Everglades needs it to be no more than 10. Gov. Rick Scott
and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recently cut a deal for the state
to spend $880 million on expanding artificial marshes to clean the water to that
level at last.

To Lake Wales rancher Cary Lightsey, what counts is not what this year's voters
will think of all this effort, but rather what Florida's future residents will
think.

"When the citizens of this state look back on this day 50 years from now,
they're not going to condemn what we did," predicted Lightsey, grinning broadly
beneath his white Stetson. "If we didn't do anything, then most of this land
would become houses."

Information from the Miami Herald was used in this story. Craig Pittman can be
reached at craig@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 27, 1986, Sunday, Final Edition

Water Flows Toward the Money;
Central Arizona Project Might Put Farmers Out of Business

BYLINE: By Cass Peterson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1830 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


It was 1947, and the deserts were already blooming in California when Arizona
went to Washington seeking the Central Arizona Project.

It was to be the centerpiece of the state's future, an aqueduct that would bring
trillions of gallons of Colorado River water across the desert to bolster a
booming agricultural economy.

Four decades later, Arizona's dream has become a 190-mile-long concrete reality.
The curious twist is that the $4 billion project may put most of the state's
farmers out of business.

At a time when midwestern and southern states are fighting to keep their
agricultural economies afloat, Arizona has decided to use its hard-won water
project to support its cities, not its farms.

For now, Colorado River water flows through a concrete ditch to the cotton,
wheat, barley, corn and alfalfa fields that stretch along the state's central
spine. But when demand outstrips supply -- as everyone expects it will -- the
spigots will be turned off first at the farm.

"The water is too costly for agriculture," said former deputy agriculture
secretary John R. Norton, who left the Reagan administration this year to return
to his farm operations in Arizona and California. "Urban and domestic users can
pay more for it. Most farmers accept that, and they accept that in not too many
years there will be no agriculture in central Arizona."

It is not, perhaps, what Congress expected in 1968 when it authorized federal
funds for the CAP, the nation's most expensive western water project, under a
1902 law aimed at settling farmers in the West.

But to some economists, Arizona's decision to jettison its farms is a reflection
of reality and a harbinger of the future in the arid West. Funds for new
projects are drying up, and the existing water will flow, as it always has,
toward money.

The statistics are devastatingly simple: Agriculture uses 90 percent of the
water and yields about 2.4 percent of the state's gross revenues. The cash cows
in Arizona now are the high-tech manufacturing industries that settled in the
Sun Belt in the '60s and '70s, the sun-seeking retirees who flocked in at the
same time and the service economy that sprang up to provide for both groups. The
triumvirate of cotton, cattle and citrus that gave the state its original wealth
has given way to computers, condos and Cadillacs.

The population of Maricopa County, which contains the cities of Phoenix, Mesa
and Tempe as well as the state's largest concentration of farm land, is expected
to hit 1.6 million by 2000, a 900 percent increase in six decades. Tucson, a
town of 40,000 in 1940 and 500,000 in 1980, is expected to top 1.5 million by
2025.

Golf and tennis resorts, manicured subdivisions and landscaped industrial parks
are springing up in Arizona like desert wildflowers after a summer rain,
competing for land and water in the broad valleys favored by agriculture and
able to pay far higher prices for both.

Given those circumstances, economists here say most Arizona farms would have
been lost eventually even without the Central Arizona Project, as farmers sold
out to developers. But in one of the unintended ironies that government projects
frequently produce, the CAP is expected to hurry things along, and raise water
prices for both farmer and city dweller in the the process.

"When they first started talking about the Central Arizona Project, they were
talking about rescuing agriculture," said William Martin, an agricultural
economist at the University of Arizona in Tucson. "But in this case, it's not
going to rescue agriculture, and it's not going to expand agriculture. It will
push agriculture out even faster."

The reason for that is economics, Arizona leads the nation in per-farmer federal
subsidies -- more than $27,000 apiece in 1982, compared with second-place
California's $15,700 and a national average of $3,300.  but like most water
decisions in the West, it has its roots in politics.

As the price for winning funds for its massive water project in the Carter
administration, Arizona had to agree to bring the depletion of its underground
water reserves under control.

For years, farms and cities here have drawn water from deep wells, plunged into
a vast aquifer that underlies the state. The result was a precipitous drop in
the water table and escalating energy costs for the pumps. In some areas, the
soil cracked and sank, damaging foundations and roads.

The Carter administration wanted to avoid a repeat of its experience in
California's central valley, where agricultural interests pleaded for water to
replace their dwindling aquifers, then used the federal water to put new land
into production and keep right on depleting the ground water.

Arizona's response was a law designed to halt overpumping of ground water within
40 years. State officials also agreed to new conditions on the use of the
federally subsidized CAP water, forbidding agricultural expansion and requiring
current farmers to give up ground-water pumping in an amount equal to whatever
CAP water they get.

Urban dwellers, meanwhile, are legally required to conserve water, a goal that
may prove difficult in a state that prides itself on its image as a desert
oasis. Per capita water use in Phoenix is among the highest in the nation, and
nearly half of it goes to water lawns, fill swimming pools and wash cars.

Because virtually all of Arizona's available surface water is already being
captured in reservoirs, the state's decision to reduce its use of ground water
means that urban growth -- and all the water-dependent amenities that go with it
-- will become increasingly dependent on the CAP.

For city dwellers, that means water will get more expensive. Initially, cities
were expected to pay upward of $100 an acre-foot for CAP water (an acre-foot is
about 325,000 gallons, enough to flood an acre to a depth of a foot or supply a
family of five for a year).

When the cities balked at the cost, federal officials agreed to a price closer
to the $52 an acre-foot farmers must pay, at least in the project's early years.
Even at that more generous rate, the federal water is more expensive than well
water, but the real crunch is expected to come along later.

By the end of the century, according to government and private hydrologists,
there will not be enough water in the Central Arizona Project to supply
everyone.

In the mid-1960s, the Bureau of Reclamation was estimating that more than 17
million acre-feet of water annually rushed to sea down the Colorado River. That
was the figure the courts and Congress used in divvying up the Colorado for
distribution in the West and for authorizing more diversion projects that have
yet to be built in the Colorado's upper reaches.

Now the bureau is estimating that the Colorado supplies only about 15 million
acre-feet a year, and some private hydrologists say that even that figure is a
couple of million acre-feet too high.

The upshot is that Arizona, which may get as much as 2 million acre-feet of
Colorado River water through the CAP in its early years, roughly equivalent to
the amount of ground water it is overdrafting, will be lucky to get half that in
the future. In drought years, the aqueduct may carry practically no water, and
what it does carry will go to the cities.

"In the long term, maybe in the short term, the farmers will be the ones to go,"
said Tucson Water Department official Frank Brooks.

It is, in fact, already happening in Tucson. In the 15 years, the city has
bought more than 20,000 acres of land in nearby Avra Valley, 60 percent of the
valley's farm land, and turned it back into desert. Wells and pipes are being
installed to carry the underground water to Tucson.

"We propose to retire all agriculture in that basin," Brooks said. "We're not
the only ones. Phoenix and Mesa are buying farm land for its water as well."

In another state, in another region, that kind of massive buyout of agricultural
land might prompt some concern. But it is probably not much of an exaggeration
to say that if a Farm Aid concert were held in Arizona, nobody would come.

When a group of Arizona farmers gathered in a Phoenix park recently to sell $4
box lunches for 75 cents, to dramatize the farmer's small share of food prices,
the gathering drew placard-toting protesters who wanted to draw attention to
crop subsidies instead.

"They told me that without farmers, my family wouldn't eat," said local activist
Carolina Butler. "I said that in 30 years of cooking for my family, I have never
once served cotton."

Box lunches of beef sandwiches, oranges and broccoli notwithstanding, Arizona's
main crop is unquestionably cotton. More than 47 percent of the state's 1.1
million acres of farm land is planted to it. Much of the rest is in wheat and
feed grains, crops for which there are federal price-support programs.

As a result, Arizona leads the nation in per-farmer federal subsidies -- more
than $27,000 apiece in 1982, compared with second-place California's $15,700 and
a national average of $3,300. Butler argues that the figures are misleadingly
low, because water subsidies are not included and because fewer than 2,000 of
Arizona's 8,300 farmers produce 97 percent of the crops.

Last year, Arizona collected nearly $100 in federal subsidies for every acre it
had under cultivation, and the lion's share of the money went to growers of
cotton and grain.

The figures infuriate the foes of the Central Arizona Project, who contend that
the twin federal policies of cheap western water and agricultural supports have
saddled them with a massive water project that the state did not need and for
which they, not the farmers, will have to pay.

"You could have bought and retired all the agricultural land in Arizona at
one-third the cost of the CAP," said Phoenix civil engineer Frank Welsh, who has
battled the project for years under the banner of a taxpayers' group called
Citizens Concerned About the Project. "Then, all of a sudden, the project became
an urban-industrial project."

Welsh likes to cite engineering studies to prove his point. Among his favorites
is one done for the state Department of Water Resources. The report found that
Arizona, minus agriculture, has enough water without the CAP to support more
than 10 million people, nearly five times its current population.

The farmers, meanwhile, are already moving out. John Norton has lost the land he
farmed near Phoenix to urbanization. He said he intends to give up this year the
4,000 acres of leased land on which he grew cotton south of Phoenix in Pinal
County.

The immediate impetus for his move is depressed farm prices, rather than water
shortages, but Norton said he expected more Arizona farmers to follow suit.

"They feel they'll be compensated," he said. "A lot of them are profiteering on
the land boom and couldn't care less . . . . Nobody's making money in farming.
What do you care if they put you out of business if they hand you a sack of gold
to do it?"

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictures 1 through 5, Tucson is turning farm land back into desert in
nearby Avra Valley; Meanwhile, swimming pools are popular in Phoenix
subdivision; A reservoir used for irrigation sits dried up in the Avra Valley
where the city of Tucson has bought more than 20,000 acres to turn land back
into desert; The well-watered Phoenician Golf Course sits alongside the desert
in Phoenix; Cliff Dam would reduce water flow in the Salt River to one-quarter
that during the 1980 flood.

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday

Committed to the land: Preserving farmland in Berks

BYLINE: Ford Turner, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1851 words


Sept. 23--On the day his mom turned down a million dollars, David Brown knew the
secret to her thinking.

It was all around them.

It was in the scent of fresh-cut alfalfa on the hillsides and in the morning
mist that pooled in the hollows. And, more than anything, it was in the decades
of work the family had put into its 94 acres in Maidencreek Township.

The Browns had been married to their land in ways that could not be explained to
a developer who, one day early in the 1990s, offered cash for the farm.

And Berks County farmers like the Browns had a new, practical consideration to
think about.

The county and state had started paying to preserve farmland. The new program
paid a certain price per acre for a formal commitment to lock the land up in
agriculture.

The Browns had been among the first to apply. They still hoped to be accepted,
even though they would get far less than $1 million.

When the man from Virginia walked into their 150-year-old brick farmhouse, sat
at the kitchen table that David Brown's father had made from cherry trees downed
on the farm and showed the Browns aerial photographs of their own farm, Mary
Brown refused his offer.

The developer would have to look elsewhere.

The Browns would keep farming.

And, though it could not have been predicted at the time, the county and its
farmers would embrace the new Agricultural Land Preservation program in a way
that would make Berks a national leader in saving farmland.

Now, the strongest days of that program appear to be over.

Flow of money threatened

Since 1990, nearly $140 million in county and state money has been paid to Berks
farmers in exchange for the placement of agricultural conservation easements on
more than 600 farms.

Essentially the public has bought development rights to about 64,000 acres of
farmland.

Across the country, only Lancaster County and Montgomery County, Md., have
preserved more.

"It speaks to our understanding of how important agriculture is to our economy
and our community," said state Sen. Judy Schwank of Ruscombmanor Township. "It
is a point of pride for us."

But the Great Recession has threatened the flow of public money that makes the
program work.

In his proposal for the current budget, Gov. Tom Corbett had proposed replacing
a steady and annual stream of $20 million-plus in cigarette taxes to farmland
preservation with what critics said would be a less dependable revenue source.

Ultimately the flow of revenue was kept intact. But Schwank expects it to be
threatened in the next budget process.

At the county level, two big rounds of borrowing that pumped money into
preservation -- a $33 million bond issue in 1999 and a $24 million line of
credit in 2006 -- are not going to be repeated.

Support for preservation has been strong but not unanimous.

Walter Greth and Christian Malesic, both prominent figures in the Berks building
industry, said the government-run preservation program has interfered with
market forces that lead to balanced development.

Greth, whose companies have built nearly 2,000 homes in the county over a
40-year span, said there is little pressure to develop farmland now, because the
home-building industry remains in a post-recession, ravaged state.

When the housing market rebounds, though, the fact that so much land has been
locked up for agriculture will put pressure on prices elsewhere.

"It is a very short-sighted way to look to the future," Greth said.

For Berks to be ranked third in the nation is ridiculous, he said.

"It is not a goal that politicians in government should have," he said.

Malesic, executive officer at the Home Builders Association of Berks County,
said the word "sprawl," applied frequently to the suburban-expansion phenomenon
of the 1970s and 1980s, is used to stigmatize development.

Partly because of that stigma, he said, government put money into farmland
preservation.

"The government has come in and made a decision, no different than them saying
you have to have a car that gets this kind of gas mileage, or that you have to
drive on this side of the street," Malesic said. "From our point of view, it has
been detrimental."

Many farmers see it differently.

Tami S. Hildebrand, executive director of the Berks County Agricultural Land
Preservation Board, the agency that oversees the program, said the commitment of
many farmers to keeping their land in agriculture is tied to work, family and
emotion.

"It makes you cry, sometimes, when you hear the passion in their voices," she
said.

Musician turns farmer

The saxophone, not the tractor, was the tool originally favored by David Brown's
father.

Carl N. Brown played the sax with bands in nightclubs around Reading during the
Depression, earning money to keep his family going. In the process, he met Mary
Hafer, a singer for an all-girls group who had grown up on a produce farm in
Oley.

She was a single mother of two children. She and Carl married, and he worked at
American Chain and Cable Co. in Reading. In the years after World War II, the
company experienced a slowdown in business. Carl and Mary decided to buy a farm.

One attraction of the 94 acres in Maidencreek Township was that the old
farmhouse had an indoor bathroom. All the other farms the couple looked at had
outhouses.

The land was not perfect. It had dips and rumples. Some of it had been poorly
used by the tenant farmer who had worked it previously.

The biggest challenge faced by the Browns, though, may have been Carl Brown's
background.

He had never been a farmer.

But he was a reader and a learner. He absorbed agricultural practices described
in the writings of Penn State University scientists.

"He tried a lot of things to make this work," David Brown said.

Born in 1953, David worked the land with his father and other family members.
They did not get rich, even though they got opportunities at big money when the
era of suburban sprawl arrived.

The farm had lots of the road frontage coveted by developers. It had high ground
with spectacular views.

David Brown said, "We had lots of offers from developers."

Voters endorse preservation

Suburban sprawl gave birth to the muscular preservation program in Berks.

In the 1970s and 1980s, developments began to consume open land around
Philadelphia, Reading and Lancaster.

"You had sort of a perfect storm," said Bob Wagner, a senior staffer at American
Farmland Trust in Massachusetts who was involved in the start of preservation in
Pennsylvania. "You had the best farmland, the best agricultural areas in the
state, being threatened by development."

Voters got a chance to act in 1987.

A proposal for a $100 million bond issue that would fund the purchase of
development rights to farms across the state appeared on the ballot. It passed
easily.

The following year, legislators established the Pennsylvania program. It was
structured so county-level entities would work closely with a state-level board.

Other states, such as Massachusetts, chose a state-dominated approach, according
to Jennifer Dempsey, director of the Farmland Information Center in
Massachusetts. In the long run, the county-state model worked better.

"There is flexibility to reflect local conditions on the ground," Dempsey said.
"Having that county partnership is very effective."

Berks commissioners gave preservation the go-ahead in 1989. The following year,
about $725,000 in county and state funds was spent for easements on three farms.

Citizens, politicians and farmers gravitated to the concept. At its peak, in the
years leading up to the nation's 2008 economic freefall, between $6 million and
$14 million a year of public money was being spent to preserve as many as 73
Berks farm tracts a year.

Including privately funded preservation efforts, Berks has 69,227 preserved
acres. The online Farmland Preservation Report, published by Maryland resident
Deborah Bowers, ranks Berks third in the nation.

Bowers said preservation thrived in Berks because of strong public and political
support, a close relationship with Pennsylvania's strong program and the people
who worked the land.

"You have got to have farmers who are serious about farming," Bowers said.

Rejecting an offer

Mary Brown was a widow when the million-dollar offer arrived.

Carl, her husband of 50 years, had died a few years earlier.

Their choice of farming had stemmed from her childhood. Eight Hafer girls and
one Hafer boy had grown up on their parents' produce farm in Oley -- though
Mary's only brother, Adam Hafer Jr., had died in a B-17 bomber shot down over
Berlin in 1944.

It was the lifetime in agriculture that made Mary turn down the developer's
offer.

David Brown watched her do it.

"My mother wasn't rich in finances," he said. "None of us were. None of us are.
But it is not the only indicator of wealth. That's where people go wrong. I have
experiences, here on the farm, you just can't buy."

Mary Brown died at the age of 91 on Oct. 17, 2004.

By then, the farmland preservation program was booming. Still, the Brown farm
had not been preserved. It had not done well enough in the county-state ranking
system that was based on things such as soil quality, proximity to previously
preserved farms and threat of development.

Finally, in 2009, an easement was purchased on the Brown farm for about
$230,000.

Hildebrand, the county preservation board director, recently looked up the Brown
file. It bore docket number 89-01.

The Brown land had been the very first considered for farmland preservation in
Berks County.

Creating farm communities

The most recent easement purchase, number 639 in the program records, occurred
Aug. 22 in Brecknock Township.

Maps show the effects of the program.

Most of the preserved farms are in clusters. Giant, contiguous swaths of
townships such as Oley, Richmond, Perry, Windsor, Marion and Heidelberg have
legal restrictions on them that preclude any use but agriculture.

The landscape is all crops, animals, barns and equipment. No housing
developments, no shopping centers.

They are, to farmers, true farming communities. Fewer impatient motorists lining
up behind their tractors on the roads, fewer phone calls complaining of smells
or noise.

Jeff Sicher, president of the Reading-Berks Association of Realtors, said
preserved farms boost the county's economy and make it a more desirable place.

"It is a long-term view," he said. "What do we want Berks County to look like?"

A future in grapes

The next generation of farming is already under way on the Brown farm.

Amid the acres of soybeans, canola and hay are 2 acres of something new: grapes.

David Brown's son, 32-year-old Dan Brown, writes business-to-business Java
software for a living. He lives in Lancaster.

But he is learning winemaking on the side. He has plans to move into the early
19th century farmhouse in Maidencreek with his wife, Jaime, expand the amount of
land devoted to grapes and create a winery.

Like his father and grandmother, he grew up in agriculture.

He said, "I love it. It is part of me. I want to share that with people."

Contact Ford Turner: 610-371-5037 or fturner@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120923-RE-Committed-to-the-land-Preserving-farmland-in-Berks-0923-20120923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Feds promise help in bovine tuberculosis outbreak

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 349 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The federal government is offering relief for Alberta ranchers caught in the
bovine tuberculosis quarantine affecting parts of western Canada.

Up to $16.7 million is being made available to help ranchers, under an agreement
with Alberta's Agriculture and Forestry ministry, Agriculture Minister Lawrence
MacAulay told the House of Commons on Wednesday.

More than 40 ranches in Alberta and Saskatchewan have been caught by the
quarantine, which began after American agriculture officials notified the
Canadian Food Inspection Agency that tuberculosis had been detected in a cow
from Alberta when it was slaughtered in the U.S. "We are committed to helping
these ranchers while we take the appropriate measures to clear the industry of
this disease," MacAulay told the Commons.

The money is meant to help cover the extra costs producers are facing because of
the quarantine, which prevents them from selling their stock.

Over 22,000 cattle have been placed under quarantine. The Canadian Food
Inspection Agency said Monday that roughly 10,000 of the animals at 18 locations
were deemed "high risk" for transmitting bovine TB and would be put down -
including calves that were not being tested for the contagious disease.

The federal aid will help with feed for the animals, transportation, cleaning
and disinfection as well as interest costs on loans, MacAulay said.

Some ranchers have been pleading for government help, warning that they face
bankruptcy over the costs of caring for animals they cannot send to market.

MacAulay said governments will work with the industry and producers to ensure
the money flows simply and quickly.

Producers facing cash flow pressures can also access aid through the Advance
Payments Program, which provides advance loans of up to $400,000, with the first
$100,000 being interest free.

"This commitment is an important step in providing our producers with the
support they need," Alberta Agriculture Minister Oneil Carlier, said in a joint
statement with MacAulay.

Officials were continuing to monitor the situation in Saskatchewan, where fewer
farm properties are affected.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                 August 29, 2003 Friday All-round First Edition

Water market  is the future for farming

SOURCE: MATP

SECTION: FEATURES-TYPE- LEADER-COLUMN- LEADER; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 835 words


FOR 100 years Australians thought damming and diverting water for agriculture
would make the country -- or at least its farmers -- rich. Nobody bothered much
about the environmental impact or whether it was economically efficient. The
result was that by the end of the 20th century so much water was being taken
from the Murray River that its flows were regularly down to 20 per cent of the
natural level. The problem was compounded by our federal system. Each state ran
its own development strategy and ignored the obvious fact -- that rivers are not
governed by man-made borders. It was the environmental equivalent of states
using different rail gauges but it was not until the middle 1990s that the
states and commonwealth accepted the need for change. In 1994 the Council of
Australian Governments commissioned the National Competition Council to work
with state governments on a national approach to water management. Tomorrow's
COAG meeting has a historic chance to make a major improvement to the
environment which will also encourage more efficient farming.

What Canberra and the states, especially those in the Murray-Darling basin,
Queensland, NSW, Victoria and South Australia, agree on is significant. More
water should be restored to the rivers, which inevitably means reducing the flow
to farmers. What they disagree on is predictable -- who is to pay for the
farmers' loss. The federal Government wants the three states to match it by
contributing $125 million each to a restructure fund. The states say Canberra
should stump up more money. As is the way of commonwealth-state relations, there
will be more posturing than policy in the argument over money. But whatever the
outcome three principles must underpin whatever deal is done tomorrow.

First, there is the necessity to reduce the amount of water we take from the
rivers. National Party leader and reform champion John Anderson singles out the
Murray-Darling and says we are "putting too much stress on our water resources".
Just how much water needs to be restored to the natural flow is contentious. The
Wentworth Group of water scientists suggests 100 extra gigalitres -- the
equivalent of 100,000 Olympic pools -- a year, for at least five years, is
needed to restore the Murray to health. Perhaps preferring to take the issues
one at a time, Mr Anderson says COAG should not decide on environmental flows
tomorrow, but nor does he say when the decision should be made. This is not good
enough. Until governments decide how much water will stay in the rivers, in
drought and flood years, farmers cannot have any certainty as to what sort of
share they will be able to access.

Second, farmers must be guaranteed a share of whatever water is committed to
agriculture every year and should be compensated for what they have to give up.
For farmers, especially the large-scale irrigators, who have made money from
cheap water for many years to be paid to give up a resource that rightly belongs
to all Australians, may look just a little like agrarian rent-seeking. But many
water licences were granted long ago and their value has been factored into
prices paid as farms changed hands. Some sort of buy-back scheme is fair -- and
inevitable for a reform process pushed through by a National Party minister. Nor
does it necessarily have to be a straight swap of cash for water. The federal
and NSW governments are supporting a feasibility scheme being undertaken by
manufacturer Richard Pratt to improve irrigation efficiency and reduce the 40 to
50 per cent of water lost to evaporation and seepage. Funds to improve water
efficiency rather than a bucket of money alone for farmers is a likely solution.

But the most important way to encourage the efficient use of water is by letting
farmers buy and sell their allocations as they wish. While temporary transfers
of water rights have been in place for years, there are ideas for a national
system where allocations are sold or rented and where futures and option markets
provide farmers with maximum chance of getting the water they want when they
want it at a known price. A market based on the real price of water -- which
includes the environmental cost -- will ensure farmers focus on crops that
produce the best return. This is not good news for farmers wedded to flooding
acres for rice or pasture crops. But it will appeal to growers prepared to adopt
new technologies and switch to higher value products like, cotton, nuts and
grapes. A free market in water will force farmers to become efficient or fail.
Stand by for warnings in the coming weeks that the proposals now before COAG
will destroy the livelihoods of farmers and country towns -- just like the
complaints that followed the NCC negotiated strategies to restructure the dairy
and sugar industries. The threat is real -- but only for farmers who refuse to
accept that changing the way they use water can deliver two national
necessities, better agricultural practice and restored river health.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                August 29, 2003 Friday All-round Country Edition

Water market  is the future for farming

SOURCE: MATP

SECTION: FEATURES-TYPE- LEADER-COLUMN- LEADER; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 836 words


FOR one hundred years Australians thought damming and diverting water for
agriculture would make the country -- or at least its farmers -- rich. Nobody
bothered much about the environmental impact or whether it was economically
efficient. The result was that by the end of the 20th century so much water was
being taken from the Murray River that its flows were regularly down to 20 per
cent of the natural level. The problem was compounded by our federal system.
Each state ran its own development strategy and ignored the obvious fact -- that
rivers are not governed by man-made borders. It was the environmental equivalent
of states using different rail gauges but it was not until the middle 1990s that
the states and commonwealth accepted the need for change. In 1994 the Council of
Australian Governments commissioned the National Competition Council to work
with state governments on a national approach to water management. Tomorrow's
COAG meeting has a historic chance to make a major improvement to the
environment which will also encourage more efficient farming.

What Canberra and the states, especially those in the Murray-Darling basin,
Queensland, NSW, Victoria and South Australia, agree on is significant. More
water should be restored to the rivers, which inevitably means reducing the flow
to farmers. What they disagree on is predictable -- who is to pay for the
farmers' loss. The federal Government wants the three states to match it by
contributing $125 million each to a restructure fund. The states say Canberra
should stump up more money. As is the way of commonwealth-state relations, there
will be more posturing than policy in the argument over money. But whatever the
outcome three principles must underpin whatever deal is done tomorrow.

First, there is the necessity to reduce the amount of water we take from the
rivers. National Party leader and reform champion John Anderson singles out the
Murray-Darling and says we are "putting too much stress on our water resources".
Just how much water needs to be restored to the natural flow is contentious. The
Wentworth Group of water scientists suggests 100 extra gigalitres -- the
equivalent of 100,000 Olympic pools -- a year, for at least five years, is
needed to restore the Murray to health. Perhaps preferring to take the issues
one at a time, Mr Anderson says COAG should not decide on environmental flows
tomorrow, but nor does he say when the decision should be made. This is not good
enough. Until governments decide how much water will stay in the rivers, in
drought and flood years, farmers cannot have any certainty as to what sort of
share they will be able to access.

Second, farmers must be guaranteed a share of whatever water is committed to
agriculture every year and should be compensated for what they have to give up.
For farmers, especially the large-scale irrigators, who have made money from
cheap water for many years to be paid to give up a resource that rightly belongs
to all Australians, may look just a little like agrarian rent-seeking. But many
water licences were granted long ago and their value has been factored into
prices paid as farms changed hands. Some sort of buy-back scheme is fair -- and
inevitable for a reform process pushed through by a National Party minister. Nor
does it necessarily have to be a straight swap of cash for water. The federal
and NSW governments are supporting a feasibility scheme being undertaken by
manufacturer Richard Pratt to improve irrigation efficiency and reduce the 40 to
50 per cent of water lost to evaporation and seepage. Funds to improve water
efficiency rather than a bucket of money alone for farmers is a likely solution.

But the most important way to encourage the efficient use of water is by letting
farmers buy and sell their allocations as they wish. While temporary transfers
of water rights have been in place for years, there are ideas for a national
system were allocations are sold or rented and where futures and option markets
provide farmers with maximum chance of getting the water they want when they
want it at a known price. A market based on the real price of water -- which
includes the environmental cost -- will ensure farmers focus on crops that
produce the best return. This is not good news for farmers wedded to flooding
acres for rice or pasture crops. But it will appeal to growers prepared to adopt
new technologies and switch to higher value products like, cotton, nuts and
grapes. A free market in water will force farmers to become efficient or fail.
Stand by for warnings in the coming weeks that the proposals now before COAG
will destroy the livelihoods of farmers and country towns -- just like the
complaints that followed the NCC negotiated strategies to restructure the dairy
and sugar industries. The threat is real -- but only for farmers who refuse to
accept that changing the way they use water can deliver two national
necessities, better agricultural practice and restored river health.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                                 April 24, 2016

Ministers strike 'sensible decision' on Basin Plan

BYLINE: Colin Bettles

SECTION: WATER

LENGTH: 1208  words


FARMING representatives say a pivotal meeting of senior water ministers has
progressed practical changes to the Murray Darling Basin Plan by increasing the
pragmatic flexibility of environmental water recovery targets, to avoid damaging
agricultural production.

Last Friday, State and Commonwealth Water Ministers met in Brisbane for a forum,
Chaired by Federal Agriculture and Water Resources Minister Barnaby Joyce.

Leading into the meeting, pressure was applied by various interest groups to
maintain environmental standards in implementing the Plan's baseline target of
2750 gigalitres in Sustainable Diversion Limits (SDLs) and another 450GLs for
SA.

But farming groups had also called for the continuation of a balanced approach
to water recovery measures, to protect the livelihood of irrigation and farming
communities.

National Irrigators Council Chair Gavin McMahon welcomed the ministers reaching
an agreement at the forum, to amend the Basin Plan and provide for a second
round of projects by June 30 next year, under the important SDL adjustment
mechanism.

Mr McMahon said that 'sensible decision' would allow further time for a second
round of projects to be developed, in addition to those already put forward, to
maximise all supply contributions under the mechanism.

'This approach will enable communities and governments to work together to reach
an outcome with minimal impact with the aim of a reduction in water being
removed from communities,' he said.

'The NIC has long argued for flexibility around timelines that would enable the
required work to be done on project proposals to gain maximum benefit and to
enable all possible supply contributions to be achieved towards meeting the
650GLs target under the SDL adjustment mechanism.'

The Basin Plan was signed into law in 2012 with the ALP and Coalition agreeing
to pass legislation to sideline the Green's demands for a minimum 4000GLs in
SDLs.

SLDs are due to come into effect in 2019, while a first round of adjustment
proposals by States is due in June this year.

The NIC said an SDL adjustment mechanism stocktake report released by Basin
ministers in August 2015 found a supply contribution of around 500GLs towards an
outcome of up to 650GLs.

Mr McMahon said the Council had always stressed Basin Plan reforms should not
focus solely on water as the singular management tool but must include various
measures that give equal balance to food and fibre production ' the socio and
economic outcomes for communities and the environment.

'We will continue to voice our support for investment in infrastructure and the
modernisation of irrigation systems that provide water savings resulting in
broader flow on benefits to irrigated agriculture and the communities supported
by the industry,' he said.

National Farmers' Federation Water Taskforce Chair Les Gordon said the package
of measures agreed to at last Friday's meeting would lead to more realistic
management of the Basin and deliver positive outcomes for regional communities.

Mr Gordon said the projects allowed for a significant reduction in the amount of
water recovery required to achieve Basin Plan outcomes which was good news for
both the environment and communities for which the Basin 'is the lifeblood'.

'We absolutely recognise that we need to achieve triple bottom line outcomes in
implementing the Basin Plan that measure performance against economic, social
and environmental parameters and this is a clear step towards that,' he said.

'Recognition by the ministers of the importance of non-flow complementary
activities to achieve environmental outcomes including carp control, cold water
pollution and fish ladders will also significantly contribute to what can be
achieved.'

At a press conference in Wagga Wagga on Friday, Mr Joyce said he didn't want to
get into the 'nuts and bolts' of the meeting but was pleased NSW and Victoria
had signed off on the process forward, for the Basin Plan's implementation.

He said that process would take the government through caretaker mode for the
upcoming election and alleviated the effects of the previous government which
was 'basically their solution to everything was, buy the water and send the town
broke'.

'It's very reliant on us to make sure, and we will, to look after the farmers
and to look after the social and economic fabric of the towns,' he said.

'It was a hard battle by the National Party to get Water Resources brought back
into Agriculture and since then we've made sure changes are coming about, so we
can start to get a better outcome for the social and economic fabric of
irrigation towns throughout the Riverina and throughout our nation.

'We make sure that in providing an environmental outcome that we leave our towns
in a position where they have a strong and vibrant future.

'We've managed to get all the State ministers on the same page.'

Mr Joyce said the government would ensure works and measures implemented under
the Basin Plan, to deliver water to environmental assets, were the most
effective and efficient ones possible and also maximised water availability for
crop production.

'We understand that if the farmers make money, the tyre dealers make money, if
the farmers make money, the shops make money (and) the economy makes money,' he
said.

'We've made changes to the legislation and technical capacity of how the Basin
Plan would work so we get the most efficient use of an environmental outcome
that will leave water with the economic base of the community and that was part
of the ministerial council meeting today.

'I'm not here to read the mind of the Greens.

'I tried that once and it was a terrible experience - a horrible headache - but
we all got better.'

However, Australian Conservation Foundation Healthy Ecosystems Program Manager
Jonathan La Nauze said the meeting delivered mixed results for the Basin Plan.

La Nauze said irrigators should be happy with the decision which paved the way
for a 'whopping' 500GLs increase in the consumptive pool and unlocked an extra
$1.5 billion for efficiency projects.

But he said 'sadly' the health of rivers, fish and waterbirds was less certain
because ministers had decided to delay incorporating an extra 450GLs of
environmental water into diversion limits until as late as 2024.

'It's a lopsided agreement where outcomes for industry are delivered up front
whilst the community will have to wait another eight years to see whether our
rivers get the water they've been promised,' he said.

Cotton Australia General Manager Michael Murray said agreements reached at last
week's meeting meant all governments must now commit to the full delivery of the
650Gl in SDL offset projects.

He said the upcoming Northern Basin review also offered a genuine opportunity
for lower levels of water recovery but better environmental outcomes.

"Northern Basin communities strongly believe that the Northern Basin review has
the real capacity to deliver lower water recovery targets, particularly if non-
flow complementary environmental projects such as carp control and fish habitat
improvement, among others, are included,' he said.

"Lower water recovery, with complementary measures, will mean enhanced
environmental outcomes with significantly reduced social and economic impact on
our irrigation communities.'

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           January 2, 2013 Wednesday

Rice scheme may be storing up trouble

LENGTH: 377  words


The government's plan to continue the rice pledging scheme for another year is
good news for farmers, but the issue worries economists. Farmers will obtain the
same prices for the first round _ 15,000 and 20,000 baht per tonne _ when
pledging white rice and fragrant Hom Mali rice to millers that have joined the
scheme.

Critics say big losses from the rice scheme could cause public debt to rise
sharply in 2013 to as much as 50% of gross domestic product (GDP) from 40.22%
posted as of Sept 30, the end of the fiscal year. In the first year of the
scheme, the Finance Ministry reported that about 350 billion baht was used to
pledge 18 million tonnes of paddy.

Of the money, 260 billion baht was state-guaranteed loans, while 90 billion baht
was the cash flow of the Bank for Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives
(BAAC), which charges 3% interest. For the 2012-13 crop, 405 billion baht is
planned to finance 25 million tonnes of paddy. The figure could rise because
production is estimated at 37 million tonnes.

The cabinet approved only 150 billion baht as state-guaranteed loans and
instructed the Commerce Ministry to speed up repayments to the BAAC to save
interest expenses and allow the bank to have enough cash flow to continue this
year's pledging process.

The ministry was only able to repay 72 billion baht to the BAAC from the 85
billion due this year. The failure stemmed from the ministry's poor performance
in selling rice to domestic and foreign markets. As it paid farmers 40-50% above
market prices, rice exports faced strong competition from much cheaper rice from
India, Vietnam and Pakistan.

World Bank senior economist Kirida Bhaopichitr estimates the state may shoulder
losses as high as 100 billion baht from rice sales each year, resulting in
higher public debt. At the current pace, public debt could reach 50% of GDP, but
the former governor of the Bank of Thailand, MR Pridiyathorn Devakula, warned
the level could rise to 61% by 2019.

Apart from a possible financial crisis, the scheme also has implications for
storing rice. The government may build enough silos to keep as much as 4 million
tonnes of rice for 7-8 years, longer than the current 2-3 years.  The move could
indicate that the government expects to last for a few years.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Battle ahead over what to fund;
Unclear if Rodman Dam request will be part of conservation measure

BYLINE: Tia Mitchell

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 778 words


TALLAHASSEE | Now that Florida voters overwhelmingly approved a constitutional
amendment setting aside $10 billion over the next 20 years for water
conservation, it's up to the Legislature to allocate the money.

Not everyone agrees on what type of projects qualify for this Amendment 1
funding, an estimated $757.7 million this year alone, and that will promote
plenty of debate once the legislative session begins in March.

Florida's Water and Land Legacy, a coalition group that successfully pushed for
the ballot initiative, says it was clear about the types of initiatives that
would qualify for the money.

The group plans a rally at the Capitol on Feb. 18, a preventive strike of sorts
that will help spread its message that Amendment 1 dollars should be narrowly
focused.

"This is the Land and Water Conservation Amendment; what we're talking about
here is conservation," group chairman Will Abberger said Friday.

The coalition believes that 75 percent of voters supported the amendment in
November because they were told the money would be used to buy land that helps
improve Florida's water supply.

Conservation groups proposed the amendment to create a guaranteed source of
money for Everglades restoration and Florida Forever, a land acquisition
program, after years of complaining the Legislature and governor had not done
enough.

Opponents to the measure largely argued against using the state constitution to
carve out funding for specific programs, though some also questioned the need
for the government to buy more land.

Abberger gave the St. Johns River as an example of how he thinks Amendment 1
should work: Money could be used to buy or clean up land near tributaries and
springs that feed into the river to improve the quality of the water flow.

But there are more ideas for the money, which comes from setting aside 33
percent of the documentary stamp tax the state collects when real estate is
sold.

The amendment language approved by voters said the money could be used for
"restoration of natural systems" and "enhancement of public access or
recreational enjoyment of conservation areas."

"People think, look, it's just a land law; no, it isn't," said Sen. Charlie
Dean, R-Inverness, chairman of the Senate's Environmental Preservation and
Conservation Committee that is tasked with implementing the ballot initiative.
He said there are many ideas for how the dollars could be used that fit within
the scope of the ballot language.

The Legislature's budget process has not yet begun, and it's too early to tell
exactly what projects will receive Amendment 1 dollars this year.

Gov. Rick Scott's proposed budget combines the Amendment 1 dollars with about
$15.7 million left over in various state conservation accounts and divides it
like this: $150 million for the Everglades, $50 million for springs, $197
million for land acquisition and management, $25 million to improve Florida
beaches, $333.9 million to continue paying for projects already underway and
$17.5 million for wastewater programs in the Florida Keys.

The Senate has proposed legislation it says will provide greater transparency
and accountability for Amendment 1 dollars - the bills identify the accounts,
known as trust funds, the state would use to collect and spend the money - but
it doesn't determine what programs will receive money under this new structure.

It is also too early to tell whether Jacksonville's request to breach the Rodman
Dam to help improve water flow to the St. Johns River will become part of the
Amendment 1 debate.

The project would require the Legislature's approval.

A coalition that includes the St. Johns Riverkeeper, JAX Chamber and the
Jacksonville Port Authority supports restoring the Ocklawaha River and its
floodplains to allow more fresh water into the St. Johns. But business and
elected officials in Marion and Putnam counties say allowing the Rodman
Reservoir to drain would have a negative impact on tourism and cause wells in
the community to dry up.

Dean said he remembered the Rodman Dam, built in 1968, being a focus of heated
debate during his first year in the Legislature in 2002 and for many years
after. He has fished there and said he talked to people who say the reservoir
has improved agriculture and water supply.

"My personal opinion, I see it as an environmental asset not a detriment," Dean
said of the reservoir.

Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, a former member of the Florida House, also
expressed concern about the Jacksonville proposal, which has not yet been
formally introduced.

"There's an awful lot of good that we can do all around the state without
opening that can of worms," he said last month.

Tia Mitchell: (850) 933-1321

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Florida Times-Union


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           October 20, 2012 Saturday

Seegmiller says Stewart's millions in federal contracts is 'hypocrisy'

BYLINE: By David Montero The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 513 words


Republican congressional candidate Chris Stewart's consulting firm took federal
stimulus money and inked deals worth more than $6 million in government
contracts -- a confluence of cash flows his Democratic challenger called on
Thursday the "height of hypocrisy."

Jay Seegmiller, who is challenging Stewart in Utah's 2nd Congressional District,
leveled the charges while standing in front of the State Capitol; it marked
another turn in upping the race's contentiousness.

"Stewart, who grew up on a dairy farm, was first in line to milk the federal
cow," Seegmiller said. "Actions speak louder than words. If he's going to talk
the talk, he should be walking the walk."

Stewart is the president and chief executive officer of The Shipley Group, a
Farmington-based consulting firm that lists several federal government agencies
it does work for -- including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture and the U.S. Air Force.

According to USASpending.gov, The Shipley Group signed 153 contracts with the
federal government dating back to 2001. The total value of those contracts
exceeded $6.3 million, according to the website.

And, according to a federal government website that tracks federal stimulus
money, The Shipley Group got an environmental contract for $35,100 in 2010.

Stewart, who is also a former Air Force pilot and author, has made it a
centerpiece of his campaign to reduce federal spending.

Stewart's campaign denied taking stimulus money, saying "We have never sought
for nor bid on any stimulus contracts." But the campaign defended the government
contracts, calling The Shipley Group's effort an attempt to help make government
more efficient.

"We provide these critical services far more efficiently than government
employees can, helping to reduce the size of government as well as government
spending," Stewart said in a statement. "If we had more companies like mine, we
could create more private sector jobs, save taxpayer money, and greatly enhance
government operations."

Stewart called Seegmiller's attack ironic because of his years working for
Amtrak.

Amtrak is the public name for the National Railroad Passenger Corp., a company
whose stock is owned solely by the federal government.

"But my opponent is a union activist with the United Transportation Union, which
consistently fights many cost-saving measures," Steward said. "It would seem he
is the last person in this race who could complain about government contracts."

The campaigns have sought to sharpen their differences since a televised debate
in which Seegmiller criticized Stewart's economic plan.

Both candidates have done two debates to date on television and two more are
scheduled in Cedar City and St. George in the next two weeks.

As the campaigns head into the final weeks, Stewart has out-raised Seegmiller
and currently has $169,938 in cash while Seegmiller is at $14,518, according to
Federal Election Commission reports filed this week.

dmontero@sltrib.com

Twitter: @davemontero Alt Heads:

Seegmiller says Stewart's millions in federal contracts is 'hypocrisy'

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Republican Chris Stewart is running for the 2nd Congressional District
against Democrat Jay Seegmiller.
Tribune file photo Democrat Jay Seegmiller is his party's nominee in the 2nd
Congressional District, facing Republican Chris Stewart in the Nov. 6 general
election.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 5, 2012 Monday

EDITORIAL: River flows stat sobering

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 555 words


Nov. 05--For anybody who cares about agriculture in Weld County, a statistic in
a recent news story caught our attention.

From the years 2000-12, river flows in the South Platte River were lower than at
any other 13-year time period in the last century.

Multiple rounds of drought years -- hotter than normal temperatures, and lower
than normal precipitation -- caused the low flows. And a panel of climate
experts from Colorado State University said the area is likely to see more of
these extreme conditions in the future, and water providers and users should
plan accordingly.

For a state that already has relatively low annual precipitation and relies on
irrigation for its billions of dollars of annual crop and livestock production,
that's a sobering thought.

And it also drives home a point we've made before -- water conservation, along
with new or expanded water storage, ought to be at the forefront of any thoughts
about the economic future of northern Colorado.

Predicting future weather patterns, especially decades in the future, admittedly
is a bit of a guessing game. But the experts also agreed that much can be
learned from historical data. Climate models predict that by the end of the
century in Colorado, temperatures could be an average of 5 degrees warmer and
precipitation might be 5 percent to 15 percent less.

That may not sound like much, but in a region that's already seeing competition
between municipalities and agriculture for a limited amount of water, the future
climate predictions certainly raise an eyebrow.

We've always been a supporter of the Northern Integrated Supply Project, which
would build two large reservoirs in northern Colorado and provide an additional
210,000 acre-feet of water storage. We also have supported a ballot question in
today's election that would allow for taxpayers in a subdistrict of the Central
Colorado Water Conservancy District to have their property taxes raised slightly
to expand Chatfield Reservoir southwest of Denver and provide money for
additional gravel pit water storage along the South Platte River basin. The
expanded storage is expected to help many northeastern Colorado farmers who had
to shut down their water wells almost a decade ago, drying up thousands of acres
of irrigated farmland.

Though we believe additional water storage is important, we don't dismiss the
importance of conservation. We saw an example of that earlier this fall, when
city of Greeley officials asked residents to shut down their lawn sprinkler
systems earlier this fall in hopes of saving water for next year, if snowpack
figures this winter are below average again. The result was impressive: The city
estimated that the water saved was enough to supply water to 640 homes for an
entire year.

We don't pretend to have a crystal ball in predicting that temperatures will
continue to rise and precipitation will continue to fall in the next several
decades in northern Colorado. But there is undeniable evidence that the recent
trend in that direction may very well continue.

For that reason, we'll say again: Colorado needs to save as much water, and
store as much water, as it can. And the earlier we start, the better.

___ (c)2012 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121105-GY-EDITORIAL-River-flows-stat-sobering-1105-20121105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   August 24, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition
                              Correction Appended

Farm bill dollars to pour out for some;
But lower yields don't equate with more aid

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Farm Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 907 words



Sometime this year somebody at the Agriculture Department will turn on the
spigot and the stream of dollars will begin flowing to farmers from the most
expensive farm bill in U. S. history.

Rivulets of billions of dollars will course from Washington to individual farms
to undergird farm income, as the authors of the farm bill intended.

But there is one glaring drawback in the rules of the game that will soon become
evident.

And it will become evident as much in Michiana as in any place in the country.

It's all about inequality. More money will flow toward those farmers who were
lucky enough to have their corn crops saved by drenching summertime rains.

But fewer dollars will go to those farmers who saw their crops shrivel during
this exceptionally dry summer.

Farmers like Ivan Truyaert will draw the short stick both in terms of rainfall
and government help this year. "We were hurt badly. We are in an area where we
didn't get a whole lot of rain," he said.

In his 60 years of farming, Truyaert has never seen a growing season of such
wild temperature swings and uneven distribution of summertime rains.

The cold spring and hot summer will slash corn yields by 30 percent and more on
his northern St. Joseph County farm.

So farmers like Truyaert will see less money from the farm bill while farmers in
southern St. Joseph County communities like Wyatt and Lakeville will make a haul
this year both in terms of big crops and big government checks.

It's a peculiar twist, said Purdue University agricultural economist Allan W.
Gray, but the 2002 farm bill "does not do a good job of protecting you against
yield drops," he told farmers in Elkhart County Thursday night.

With various support payments, the farm bill places a floor of $2.46 for a
bushel of corn when yields are average.

Even if the market price for corn falls to zero, the Agriculture Department will
come to the rescue with support payments to make sure the farmer gets $2.46 a
bushel.The rescue comes in the form of counter-cyclical payments that increase
as the price of corn drops and a feature known as the marketing loan program
that also props up income when prices are low.

But prices are not low in this year of widespread drought.

Both countercyclical payments and marketing loan payments will not be
forthcoming this year from Washington.

"The problem is this: Yields go down. Market prices go up. Government payments
go down. You have two negatives and one positive and there is no way that one
positive is going to offset two negatives. You end up with lower revenues," Gray
said."Yields are what matters," Gray said.A farmer who saw a 20 percent slash in
yields this year will see, on average, a seven percent drop in total revenues
"even though we have a rally in the market," Gray calculated.

"I am confident that a lot of farmers are going to have a lot less dollars than
they had last year," he added.

The rains of the past week will stabilize the corn crop at the Truyaert farm to
keep yields from falling further. The rains definitely helped the soybean crop,
which is now part of the farm bill payment structure.

"Every year is different," said the 78-year-old Truyaert. But this year was one
for the records books. "It was cold and wet, then dry and hot and then cold. We
just got the full spectrum of weather."

Farmers who did catch a timely thunderstorm will see normal to above-normal
yields even during this topsy-turvy year.

In some areas of southern St. Joseph County, for instance, five-inch rains
doused the crops while the sun was shining in the north.

"We had just the right amount of rain," said Duane Laidig, whose farm on Madison
Road will produce corn yields of about 150 bushels an acre, which is about
average. Soybean yields will be exceptionally high at 50 to 55 bushels an acre.

"If you go five miles north of here rainfall was much less," he said.

St. Joseph County, like other areas of Michiana, offers glaring examples between
the "haves" and "have-nots."

Gray said it will be critical this year for farmers to calculate which of the
four options in the 2002 farm bill offers the most benefits.

Meetings like the one held Thursday night at the Elkhart County 4-H Fairgrounds
will be held throughout the region.

In St. Joseph County, a meeting to explain the intricacies of the farm bill will
be held at 1 p.m. Monday at the county Farm Bureau office, 5605 U.S. 31 S.

In addition, the Farm Service Agency will hold sessions for farmers at 7 p.m.
Thursday at New Prairie High School auditorium and at 10 a.m. and 7 p.m. Sept. 4
at the Farm Bureau meeting room. Farmers can sign up for the benefits of the
2002 farm bill Oct. 1. That sign-up period runs until April 1, 2003.

Gray said it is important that farmers have exact historical records of their
planted acreage history. Those who cannot verify their production history from
1998 to 2001 will be required to fill out their forms using 75 percent of the
average crop yields in the county.

"There will be more mailings coming out which further describe their particular
individual farm scenario," said St. Joseph County FSA Director Michael Hoskins.

Numerous farmers were puzzled, however, about a recent mailing that described
their production flexibility contract (PFC) history from 1998 to 2001. It is not
intended to be their 2002 reported acres.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 31, 2002



CORRECTION: This story on the flow of farm bill dollars incorrectly gave the
impression that the farm payments will be distributed unequally to American
farmers, with farmers with high yields getting more payments. Farmers who have
high yields will receive the same payment rate as those whose farms were hit by
drought. But with higher production, they will receive more money from the
marketplace from their production.
Farmers are likely to see a drop in farm income this year because two 2002 farm
bill "safety net" programs -- countercyclical payments and loan deficiency
payments -- will not be activated due to the rise in commodity payments as a
result of the drop in U.S. crop production.

Also Allan Gray, the Purdue agricultural economist who has been explaining the
farm bill to Indiana farmers, has updated his Microsoft Excel spreadsheet to
correct an error.

The spreadsheet is designed to help farmers sort through the maze of options in
the Farm Bill.

A programming error was contained in version 3 of the spreadsheet. The error was
in relation to the probability line on the output page on page 3. Version 4 has
corrected this error.

Also Microsoft Works will not run the spreadsheet, he reports.

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   August 24, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition
                              Correction Appended

Farm bill dollars to pour out for some;
But lower yields don't equate with more aid

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Farm Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 907 words



Sometime this year somebody at the Agriculture Department will turn on the
spigot and the stream of dollars will begin flowing to farmers from the most
expensive farm bill in U. S. history.

Rivulets of billions of dollars will course from Washington to individual farms
to undergird farm income, as the authors of the farm bill intended.

But there is one glaring drawback in the rules of the game that will soon become
evident.

And it will become evident as much in Michiana as in any place in the country.

It's all about inequality. More money will flow toward those farmers who were
lucky enough to have their corn crops saved by drenching summertime rains.

But fewer dollars will go to those farmers who saw their crops shrivel during
this exceptionally dry summer.

Farmers like Ivan Truyaert will draw the short stick both in terms of rainfall
and government help this year. "We were hurt badly. We are in an area where we
didn't get a whole lot of rain," he said.

In his 60 years of farming, Truyaert has never seen a growing season of such
wild temperature swings and uneven distribution of summertime rains.

The cold spring and hot summer will slash corn yields by 30 percent and more on
his northern St. Joseph County farm.

So farmers like Truyaert will see less money from the farm bill while farmers in
southern St. Joseph County communities like Wyatt and Lakeville will make a haul
this year both in terms of big crops and big government checks.

It's a peculiar twist, said Purdue University agricultural economist Allan W.
Gray, but the 2002 farm bill "does not do a good job of protecting you against
yield drops," he told farmers in Elkhart County Thursday night.

With various support payments, the farm bill places a floor of $2.46 for a
bushel of corn when yields are average.

Even if the market price for corn falls to zero, the Agriculture Department will
come to the rescue with support payments to make sure the farmer gets $2.46 a
bushel.The rescue comes in the form of counter-cyclical payments that increase
as the price of corn drops and a feature known as the marketing loan program
that also props up income when prices are low.

But prices are not low in this year of widespread drought.

Both countercyclical payments and marketing loan payments will not be
forthcoming this year from Washington.

"The problem is this: Yields go down. Market prices go up. Government payments
go down. You have two negatives and one positive and there is no way that one
positive is going to offset two negatives. You end up with lower revenues," Gray
said."Yields are what matters," Gray said.A farmer who saw a 20 percent slash in
yields this year will see, on average, a seven percent drop in total revenues
"even though we have a rally in the market," Gray calculated.

"I am confident that a lot of farmers are going to have a lot less dollars than
they had last year," he added.

The rains of the past week will stabilize the corn crop at the Truyaert farm to
keep yields from falling further. The rains definitely helped the soybean crop,
which is now part of the farm bill payment structure.

"Every year is different," said the 78-year-old Truyaert. But this year was one
for the records books. "It was cold and wet, then dry and hot and then cold. We
just got the full spectrum of weather."

Farmers who did catch a timely thunderstorm will see normal to above-normal
yields even during this topsy-turvy year.

In some areas of southern St. Joseph County, for instance, five-inch rains
doused the crops while the sun was shining in the north.

"We had just the right amount of rain," said Duane Laidig, whose farm on Madison
Road will produce corn yields of about 150 bushels an acre, which is about
average. Soybean yields will be exceptionally high at 50 to 55 bushels an acre.

"If you go five miles north of here rainfall was much less," he said.

St. Joseph County, like other areas of Michiana, offers glaring examples between
the "haves" and "have-nots."

Gray said it will be critical this year for farmers to calculate which of the
four options in the 2002 farm bill offers the most benefits.

Meetings like the one held Thursday night at the Elkhart County 4-H Fairgrounds
will be held throughout the region.

In St. Joseph County, a meeting to explain the intricacies of the farm bill will
be held at 1 p.m. Monday at the county Farm Bureau office, 5605 U.S. 31 S.

In addition, the Farm Service Agency will hold sessions for farmers at 7 p.m.
Thursday at New Prairie High School auditorium and at 10 a.m. and 7 p.m. Sept. 4
at the Farm Bureau meeting room. Farmers can sign up for the benefits of the
2002 farm bill Oct. 1. That sign-up period runs until April 1, 2003.

Gray said it is important that farmers have exact historical records of their
planted acreage history. Those who cannot verify their production history from
1998 to 2001 will be required to fill out their forms using 75 percent of the
average crop yields in the county.

"There will be more mailings coming out which further describe their particular
individual farm scenario," said St. Joseph County FSA Director Michael Hoskins.

Numerous farmers were puzzled, however, about a recent mailing that described
their production flexibility contract (PFC) history from 1998 to 2001. It is not
intended to be their 2002 reported acres.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 31, 2002



CORRECTION: This story on the flow of farm bill dollars incorrectly gave the
impression that the farm payments will be distributed unequally to American
farmers, with farmers with high yields getting more payments. Farmers who have
high yields will receive the same payment rate as those whose farms were hit by
drought. But with higher production, they will receive more money from the
marketplace from their production.
Farmers are likely to see a drop in farm income this year because two 2002 farm
bill "safety net" programs -- countercyclical payments and loan deficiency
payments -- will not be activated due to the rise in commodity payments as a
result of the drop in U.S. crop production.

Also Allan Gray, the Purdue agricultural economist who has been explaining the
farm bill to Indiana farmers, has updated his Microsoft Excel spreadsheet to
correct an error.

The spreadsheet is designed to help farmers sort through the maze of options in
the Farm Bill.

A programming error was contained in version 3 of the spreadsheet. The error was
in relation to the probability line on the output page on page 3. Version 4 has
corrected this error.

Also Microsoft Works will not run the spreadsheet, he reports.

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   August 24, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition
                              Correction Appended

Farm bill dollars to pour out for some;
But lower yields don't equate with more aid

BYLINE: By WAYNE FALDA; Tribune Farm Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10; FOCUS ON FARMING

LENGTH: 907 words



Sometime this year somebody at the Agriculture Department will turn on the
spigot and the stream of dollars will begin flowing to farmers from the most
expensive farm bill in U. S. history.

Rivulets of billions of dollars will course from Washington to individual farms
to undergird farm income, as the authors of the farm bill intended.

But there is one glaring drawback in the rules of the game that will soon become
evident.

And it will become evident as much in Michiana as in any place in the country.

It's all about inequality. More money will flow toward those farmers who were
lucky enough to have their corn crops saved by drenching summertime rains.

But fewer dollars will go to those farmers who saw their crops shrivel during
this exceptionally dry summer.

Farmers like Ivan Truyaert will draw the short stick both in terms of rainfall
and government help this year. "We were hurt badly. We are in an area where we
didn't get a whole lot of rain," he said.

In his 60 years of farming, Truyaert has never seen a growing season of such
wild temperature swings and uneven distribution of summertime rains.

The cold spring and hot summer will slash corn yields by 30 percent and more on
his northern St. Joseph County farm.

So farmers like Truyaert will see less money from the farm bill while farmers in
southern St. Joseph County communities like Wyatt and Lakeville will make a haul
this year both in terms of big crops and big government checks.

It's a peculiar twist, said Purdue University agricultural economist Allan W.
Gray, but the 2002 farm bill "does not do a good job of protecting you against
yield drops," he told farmers in Elkhart County Thursday night.

With various support payments, the farm bill places a floor of $2.46 for a
bushel of corn when yields are average.

Even if the market price for corn falls to zero, the Agriculture Department will
come to the rescue with support payments to make sure the farmer gets $2.46 a
bushel.The rescue comes in the form of counter-cyclical payments that increase
as the price of corn drops and a feature known as the marketing loan program
that also props up income when prices are low.

But prices are not low in this year of widespread drought.

Both countercyclical payments and marketing loan payments will not be
forthcoming this year from Washington.

"The problem is this: Yields go down. Market prices go up. Government payments
go down. You have two negatives and one positive and there is no way that one
positive is going to offset two negatives. You end up with lower revenues," Gray
said."Yields are what matters," Gray said.A farmer who saw a 20 percent slash in
yields this year will see, on average, a seven percent drop in total revenues
"even though we have a rally in the market," Gray calculated.

"I am confident that a lot of farmers are going to have a lot less dollars than
they had last year," he added.

The rains of the past week will stabilize the corn crop at the Truyaert farm to
keep yields from falling further. The rains definitely helped the soybean crop,
which is now part of the farm bill payment structure.

"Every year is different," said the 78-year-old Truyaert. But this year was one
for the records books. "It was cold and wet, then dry and hot and then cold. We
just got the full spectrum of weather."

Farmers who did catch a timely thunderstorm will see normal to above-normal
yields even during this topsy-turvy year.

In some areas of southern St. Joseph County, for instance, five-inch rains
doused the crops while the sun was shining in the north.

"We had just the right amount of rain," said Duane Laidig, whose farm on Madison
Road will produce corn yields of about 150 bushels an acre, which is about
average. Soybean yields will be exceptionally high at 50 to 55 bushels an acre.

"If you go five miles north of here rainfall was much less," he said.

St. Joseph County, like other areas of Michiana, offers glaring examples between
the "haves" and "have-nots."

Gray said it will be critical this year for farmers to calculate which of the
four options in the 2002 farm bill offers the most benefits.

Meetings like the one held Thursday night at the Elkhart County 4-H Fairgrounds
will be held throughout the region.

In St. Joseph County, a meeting to explain the intricacies of the farm bill will
be held at 1 p.m. Monday at the county Farm Bureau office, 5605 U.S. 31 S.

In addition, the Farm Service Agency will hold sessions for farmers at 7 p.m.
Thursday at New Prairie High School auditorium and at 10 a.m. and 7 p.m. Sept. 4
at the Farm Bureau meeting room. Farmers can sign up for the benefits of the
2002 farm bill Oct. 1. That sign-up period runs until April 1, 2003.

Gray said it is important that farmers have exact historical records of their
planted acreage history. Those who cannot verify their production history from
1998 to 2001 will be required to fill out their forms using 75 percent of the
average crop yields in the county.

"There will be more mailings coming out which further describe their particular
individual farm scenario," said St. Joseph County FSA Director Michael Hoskins.

Numerous farmers were puzzled, however, about a recent mailing that described
their production flexibility contract (PFC) history from 1998 to 2001. It is not
intended to be their 2002 reported acres.

Staff writer Wayne Falda:

wfalda@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6326


LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 31, 2002



CORRECTION: This story on the flow of farm bill dollars incorrectly gave the
impression that the farm payments will be distributed unequally to American
farmers, with farmers with high yields getting more payments. Farmers who have
high yields will receive the same payment rate as those whose farms were hit by
drought. But with higher production, they will receive more money from the
marketplace from their production.
Farmers are likely to see a drop in farm income this year because two 2002 farm
bill "safety net" programs -- countercyclical payments and loan deficiency
payments -- will not be activated due to the rise in commodity payments as a
result of the drop in U.S. crop production.

Also Allan Gray, the Purdue agricultural economist who has been explaining the
farm bill to Indiana farmers, has updated his Microsoft Excel spreadsheet to
correct an error.

The spreadsheet is designed to help farmers sort through the maze of options in
the Farm Bill.

A programming error was contained in version 3 of the spreadsheet. The error was
in relation to the probability line on the output page on page 3. Version 4 has
corrected this error.

Also Microsoft Works will not run the spreadsheet, he reports.

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Lacks vision, exposes false claims of CM;
- EXPERTS DISSECT THE BUDGET FOR THE TELEGRAPH

LENGTH: 550  words


The Nitish Kumar government's budget for 2015-16 is one of the dullest presented
in the state in the recent past. It has neither vision nor direction. It has
proposed no new scheme. Political bosses appear not to have applied their
brains, accepting whatever the bureaucracy suggested.

Had this not been the case how could such a budget - which proposes virtually
nothing and just appears to juggle figures - have been presented?

A cardinal point of this budget is it has exposed the chief minister's false
claims that Bihar would lose around Rs 15,000 crore every year because of
implementation of the 14th Finance Commission's recommendation. Going by the
budget document, one can easily decipher that the budget itself denies his
claim.

Figures provided in the budget say Bihar would get Rs 68,917 crore from the
Centre in 2015-16, around Rs 2,000 crore more than in 2014-15. The chief
minister should explain on what basis he claims flow of central funds would be
reduced in the wake of implementation of 14th Finance Commission's
recommendations.

He should also indicate how the state would get more untied fund from the
Centre, which would allow Bihar to utilise the money as per its own requirement.

I remember Nitish's speech at one of the meetings of the national development
council, where he had pleaded for enhancing the states' share in central taxes
and also reducing the number of central schemes. But now when the NDA government
at the Centre has done so, Nitish is crying foul.

I firmly believe he is doing so with an eye on the Assembly polls, trying to get
a weapon against the BJP by telling people things not based on facts. It also
shows his government's inability to ensure effective utilisation of untied fund
that would now flow to the state as part of its share in the central taxes.

Having said this, I would also like to state that Nitish is so involved in
political matters he is hardly getting time to pay attention to issues he claims
to be close to his heart. The chief minister claims that for him the concern of
farmers is very dear. He is also going to sit on a fast against the land
acquisition bill, which he claims is anti-farmer. Interestingly the same person
failed to show similar concern for farmers in his government's budget, which
allocated a lowly Rs 2,342.63 crore - about 4 per cent of the total budget - for
the agriculture sector. It has been done even though the chief minister keeps
talking about his agriculture roadmap and knows well that about two-thirds of
Bihar's population depends on agriculture and allied sectors. Will he explain to
the farmers what prevented him from giving priority to the agro sector?

As far as the industrial sector is concerned, this budget has failed to exhibit
any vision. The government may claim it has enhanced allocation for the sector
to Rs 789 crore, but it has hidden the fact that most of this money would go
towards paying subsidies that already established industrial units are entitled
to.

Interestingly, the budget talks a lot about ongoing projects conceived by the
NDA government, of which the BJP was a part. The government appears to have done
so in a bid to hide its failure to conceive something new after it parted ways
with the BJP.

I wonder how the government could present such a budget in an election year.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Murray-Darling moaners

BYLINE: Alan Mitchell Economics editor

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 749 words


As Tony Abbott says, there are billions of dollars in waste embedded in the
federal budget. And high on that list is a good part of the $6 billion that, he
reminds us, was put aside by the Howard government for water-saving
infrastructure in the Murray-Darling basin.

The money was committed in the belief that the alternative - buying water rights
- would destroy the economic and social life of the region.

It was a waste of taxpayers' money. As the Productivity Commission and other
economists have warned, infrastructure investment is an unnecessarily costly way
to release water for environmental flows. According to the commission,
recovering water through infrastructure upgrades could be four times the cost of
simply buying water from irrigators.

"Studies show that the cost of 'saving' water sourced from engineering projects
escalates quickly after initial lower-cost projects are developed," the
commission warned the Howard government.

"In many instances, the costs incurred are higher than the cost of buying water
in the market. Moreover, claimed water savings can be illusory when 'saved'
water is simply removed from return flows or where accessions to groundwater are
already used for other purposes."

Abbott complains that little of the money has been spent and, unfortunately for
the taxpayer, the present Agriculture Minister, Tony Burke, shares his
frustration. But, Burke proudly says, the long-suffering taxpayers' money is
starting to flow, thanks to his success in overcoming the bickering with the
states.

As it happens, the belief that government purchases of irrigation water
seriously undermine the economic viability of communities in the basin is
probably mistaken.

The economic analysis published by the government last year put the output loss
from the first $1.5 billion of water purchases at only 2.4 per cent of the gross
value of irrigated agricultural production.

However, more recent analysis by economists at Monash University's Centre of
Policy Studies suggests even that is too pessimistic. According to the Monash
economists, water buybacks in the southern part of the basin could result in a
slight increase in economic activity. Their modelling estimates that after 10
years, agricultural output in the southern basin would be 1.3 per cent lower.
But the region's overall economic activity, measured by household consumption,
would be 0.34 per cent higher.

That assumes that the money from the water sales is spent in the region.
However, if only half of the gains were spent in the region, the impact on
household consumption would still be positive.

Reports of the impending death of the towns in the Murray-Darling basin are
greatly exaggerated - especially by the Nationals' Barnaby Joyce and Warren
Truss.

The water savings required to restore the environmental health of the Murray-
Darling should be achieved as cheaply and efficiently as possible, and the
additional assistance should be strictly limited. Taxpayers already have spent
too much money pandering to the self-assessed needs of the Murray-Darling.

The South Australian and Victorian governments are squandering hundreds of
millions of dollars by bowing to the regional opposition to water purchases.

In South Australia, the government is spending $1.8 billion on a desalination
plant to supply Adelaide with water that, according to the Productivity
Commission, could have been bought from Murray River irrigators for $190
million.

Adelaide has been pumping water from the Murray River for many years, with the
river supplying up to 90 per cent of the city's needs in drought years. So, the
infrastructure needed to take additional water is in place, and the operating
costs, on the commission's reckoning, would have been lower than for the
desalination plant.

The new Coalition government in Victoria is also refusing to use, except in
emergencies, the new $750 million pipeline to supply Melbourne with water
purchased from irrigators on the Goulburn River system in the south of the
Murray-Darling basin. Instead, it is proposing to invest in water recycling
which, the Productivity Commission says, will cost $300 million in the next 20
years.

Now the nation faces the industrial capacity limits of the Murray-Darling. The
government cannot change the weather and it should not be the taxpayers' job to
bail out people who gamble on long-run weather patterns and lose.

The main additional financial assistance provided to the region should be to
smooth out whatever adjustment is necessary.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    October 30, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

IN BUSINESS; Inadequate cash flow is the bane of agricultural careers, but Mark
Zurschmeide thought he saw a way.; What If The Market Comes to The Farm?

Margaret Webb Pressler , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E07

LENGTH: 1304 words


At the occasional party he goes to in Northern Virginia, surrounded by the
high-tech set, Mark Zurschmeide gets a kick out of telling his old fraternity
buddies and their friends what he does for a living.

"I'm a dirt farmer," he tells them, emphasizing the word dirt to make sure they
understand.

Most of them are incredulous. A farmer? Here?

It's no wonder they don't believe it. In a party setting, the articulate
37-year-old Zurschmeide fits right in with his fellow graduates of West Virginia
University, now racking up the stock options at start-ups across the region.

But a typical day for Zurschmeide is quite different: On a sunny October
afternoon, he sports blue jeans and a weathered tan and loads up another hayride
bound for the pumpkin patch on his Loudoun County farm.

"It's a good life," he says, adjusting his dusty baseball cap. "It's hard.
Farming's hard. But I get four to five months out of the year off."

Zurschmeide has spent seven years building Great Country Farms in Bluemont, Va.,
20 minutes from Leesburg, into a good example of Community Supported Agriculture
, selling its products--strawberries and raspberries, melons and squash, lettuce
and flowers and herbs--directly to the people who want them. The farm has
pick-your-own programs that stretch throughout the growing season and visitor
programs in the fall, anchored by pumpkin picking. Its other main source of
income is annual memberships, which about 150 people buy upfront each year in
exchange for weekly home delivery of produce and free access to the
pick-your-own crops.

The Community Supported Agriculture movement is being promoted by agriculture
experts across the country as critical to the future of farming. Zurschmeide
believes it is the only approach that could give him the life he wants while
allowing him to achieve another of his goals: to protect his precious land from
the development that is turning Virginia's countryside into bedroom communities.
Development already has taken the farm across the road, now split into large
lots for large houses.

When he closes down for the season, except for special groups, in November, this
will have been the first year Zurschmeide turned a profit, but he has plans for
that money--and for just about any money he can imagine making in the near
future.

"We're not where we want to be. I want to buy the acres here next to me for $
1.5 million--I'd like to plant Christmas trees," he says. "But I'd also like to
keep development down."

Community Supported Agriculture programs are exploding nationwide, from one in
1985 to more than 1,000 now, including about a dozen such farms in Virginia.
Zurschmeide thinks the system might have helped his father, who had a working
farm in nearby Lincoln, Va., but also worked for the government.

"He did both full-time," Zurschmeide says.

In college, Zurschmeide studied business and figured he'd do the professional
thing, and he did do it for a while. He was a financial planner in Northern
Virginia, and his wife, Kate, worked for Bell Atlantic Corp. downtown. They were
a typical young professional couple, educated, with good jobs and making plenty
of money.

But Zurschmeide hated the desk work and loathed the restrictions of his highly
regulated profession. He longed to do something more creative, and the more he
thought about it, the more he believed that the most creative thing he could do
was buy a farm and try to make it work.

"With a business background, I knew why most farms were having problems--it's
bad cash flow," Zurschmeide says. "I needed to come up with an idea to generate
cash flow."

Zurschmeide's Community Supported Agriculture program is working. It's midday,
and the last two school buses for the morning have just left, giving way to a
smattering of individual visitors. These are city folk, mostly, in search of the
Genuine Pumpkin Experience, with a real pumpkin patch, a hayride to get there
and maybe a pony ride or a chance to pet the donkey. For that they pay $ 2.50 a
person or $ 10 a car, plus the cost of the pumpkin--39 cents a pound.

The farm's profitability this year is not just a product of Zurschmeide's
well-orchestrated programs. He's also had a major boost from the weather. This
year was a very good growing season, and this month in particular has been a
total blessing. October is when Great Country Farms makes most of its money, and
this year, a succession of crisp, sunny days has had the makeshift
field-cum-parking lot brimming with cars every day, especially on weekends.

If the autumn weather is nice, Zurschmeide says, people want to get their
pumpkins from real pumpkin patches. But if it rains even two weekends out of
four in October, that's a major hit to the bottom line.

"People don't need a pumpkin," he says.

And Zurschmeide knows well what it's like to run a farm when the growing season
is bad. It happened his second year in business.

The first year, Zurschmeide had a lot of success signing up families as members;
memberships now cost up to $ 650 per household per year. He started with 150
members or so, and the crops were bountiful. The farm's weekly deliveries were
received with enthusiasm and gratitude.

The next year, full of optimism, Zurschmeide went on a marketing binge and
signed up more than 900 members, figuring all it would take was more crops and
more drivers. But there are certain realities of farming that are simply
uncontrollable by even the most dedicated entrepreneur. The weather is one of
them.

"That year we had the worst growing season known to man, and city people didn't
understand that," he said ruefully. Buying a Community Supported Agriculture
membership is like buying shares in a company--there's risk. If the harvest is
terrific, you get a ton of value from your investment. If the yield is weak,
members shoulder some of that downside in the form of smaller weekly deliveries.

"The members we have now understand that," Zurschmeide says. But five years ago,
he was threatened with lawsuits and ended up refunding nearly all the money he'd
taken in.

"We almost went under that year," he says. "I was afraid to answer the phone. We
were doing everything we could."

But they couldn't stop the rain.

Because Kate Zurschmeide had not yet quit her job at Bell Atlantic, the family
made it through on her salary. And Zurschmeide learned a valuable lesson. "They
say in the business world never to grow too fast, and that's what we did wrong,"
he says.

In a banner year like this one, then, it's hard to complain about working seven
days a week, sunup to sundown--at least. Mark's younger brother Bruce works
alongside them. And while the couple worries about not having enough time with
their three children, ages 7, 5 and 1 1/2, they relish the chance to plan for
the future.

In years past, Zurschmeide has plowed any extra money into necessities. The
drought last year prompted him to put in an irrigation system, and the year
before that he had to replant a $ 10,000 orchard that had been devoured by deer.
But this year, Zurschmeide can think about more than the essentials: He's
talking about adding new crops and filling out the year with more attractions
for the community.

The timing for the perfect weather this year is especially good. It was just a
year and a half ago that Kate Zurschmeide finally left Bell Atlantic and that
the family moved from Leesburg to the small house Mark Zurschmeide had built for
them on the farm. And while he loves the view of the farm from the top floor,
Zurschmeide is keenly aware that now there's no financial safety net.

Which can make living on the farm a little maddening at times.

"Work's always here; it drives me nuts," he says. "There's so much work to be
done, you just kind of always keep at it."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 5, 2008 Saturday

The value of immigration

BYLINE: Deseret Morning News editorial

LENGTH: 376 words


Jeffery Jones gets it. He is Mexico's undersecretary of agriculture and
agribusiness, and he delivered a message in Utah this week that cuts to the
heart of the global immigration debate.

Simply put, it is this: The flow of workers from poor to rich countries is a
good thing.

Naturally, the rich nations need to find ways to control and monitor this flow,
preferably through the use of guest-worker permits. But global migration is a
good thing, not a drain.

That's the same message economist Lant Pritchett has been spreading since
leaving the World Bank. Pritchett, like Jones, once studied at BYU. His belief
is that one day the world will understand the value of labor migration the way a
lot of people now understand the value of free trade.

A 2005 World Bank report said the 30 richest countries of the world could
provide the equivalent of $300 billion in real and effective aid to the citizens
of poor countries if they would only loosen their immigration restrictions. That
aid would come to those people in the form of money earned from jobs. By
comparison, those countries now hand out a combined $70 billion in aid to poor
countries. That money comes from taxpayers and provides little, if any, real
benefit.

Poor countries, in return, would benefit from having fewer unskilled workers
competing for jobs. Ultimately, the loss of workers would put pressure on those
countries to enact reforms that make them competitive in the labor market.
Pritchett told Reason Magazine recently that he compares immigration
restrictions to Apartheid. Poor people become hostages in their own countries,
doomed to poverty because of where they happen to have been born.

By now the value of free trade ought to be beyond question. The North American
Free Trade Agreement, for instance, has tripled the amount of trade among member
nations, according to figures from the office of the U.S. trade representative.
During that time, unemployment has gone down in the United States, wages have
increased and both manufacturing and agriculture have benefitted.

There is no reason to doubt that the free and orderly movement of laborers among
nations would be any less beneficial. The sooner more leaders in the United
States understand this the way Jones does, the better.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday

Government sets out to curb graft in rural job plan

BYLINE: Subodh Ghildiyal

SECTION: POLITICS AND NATION

LENGTH: 413 words


NEW DELHI: The Centre is set to focus the job guarantee scheme on villages in
need of community assets and having a demand for labour-intensive jobs, a move
aimed at checking the arbitrary flow of funds that is the main source of
corruption.

Following rural development minister Gopinath Munde's idea of linking MGNREGA to
development of villages, the Centre is set to insist that all states submit
"district-level development perspective plans" to back their proposals of
'labour budgets' about the mandays of jobs to be generated in a time-period.
They decide the funds to be released by the Centre.

"The perspective plan for a district will be for five years with annual
parameters and targets and MGNREGA works will flow from this," rural development
secretary L C Goyal told TOI.

It will be a radical change from the present system of "labour budgets" which is
riddled with poor selection of works for lack of scientific assessment of needs
and resources.

The perspective plans would ensure that there is demand of assets and money
flows into creating them rather than the present system in which money reaches
the villages and then works are ordered arbitrarily like ditch-digging to spend
the funds. This, sources said, is the major source of corruption.

The proposal comes in the wake of the BJP government scotching speculation that
it would discontinue the job scheme and instead stating that it would look to
make it more productive. Sources said due diligence on the need of assets will
automatically limit the scheme's ambit and put the funds to better use.

With the growing possibility of a realistic assessment of the assets required,
the villages would be forced to think beyond ditch-digging about genuine works
like agriculture, thereby bringing about convergence with other activities.

Goyal said, "This will help the local economy with special focus on agriculture
."

The perspective plan could be the silver bullet to check misuse of funds under
the job scheme. While the MGNREGA Act lays down the need for such plans to
ensure creation of durable community assets, sources admitted that an attempt in
the direction was made in 2008 but had to be shelved because of complications as
well as non-cooperation from the states.

The move is likely to fructify under a BJP government because it has been
critical of the misuse of MGNREGA funds and also is not handicapped by the
compulsion to continue it as the scheme's author Congress.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday

Afghan President Ghani Afghanistan stresses export-led agriculture sector

LENGTH: 989 words


Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has said agricultural development is a vital need
and it is impossible to ensure stability in the country without it. Speaking at
a gathering of farmers and agricultural officials aired live on state-run
National Afghanistan TV on 20 February, Ghani said:

"Mines will bring prosperity, but stability cannot be ensured in Afghanistan
without agriculture. Thus, the issue of agriculture does not belong to the
ministry of agriculture alone. It is one of the most important issues of our
governance and a national commitment. Our goal is a prosperous agriculture
sector, because Afghanistan's political, economic and social stability depends
on agriculture."

He also highlighted the role played by the private sector in agricultural
development, saying:

"I must admit that our private sector has been more effective than the ministry
of agriculture in the fields of outreach and support for farmers. The farmers,
the private sector and the state are partners. However, relations between the
private sector and farmers are weak, because the state does not play its role.
The role of the government in strengthening the farmers and the private sector
must be specified."

According to President Ghani, some agricultural items of Afghanistan are
exported in the name of the neighbouring and other world countries and they will
try to address the problem. He said:

"Our saffron is exported in the name of neighbours and Europeans today. What
export problems have we solved today? What we have inherited is that we have not
paid fundamental attention to our exports. And we must resolve this problem
fundamentally. It is unfortunate that other cabinet members are not present here
today. This is unacceptable. How is agriculture possible without public works,
and energy and water and commerce? This indicates that the Afghan cabinet has
not fundamentally realized the importance of agriculture yet. Tell them in the
next meeting that this is priority and they must be present."

President Ghani said that their first priority was to control Afghanistan's
waters and put them to use for irrigation and other purposes. He said:

"Our water must be controlled and be at our disposal. If God is willing, we will
start work on building 21 water dams this year. My attention and my commitment
is focused on controlling our waters. Coordination of our waters will cause two
things. First, we must take maximum use of water, but we do not do so today.
Second, floods have ruined us. We lose at least one billion dollars annually
because of floods. Instead of creating jobs, our rivers cause destruction. We
lose thousands of hectares of land. Water must be adjusted by all means and be
at the service of farmers. This is our first programme."

He stressed that the government was committed to prevent land usurpation in the
country, saying:

"The first land issue is its usurpation. I have instructed all the governors to
prevent new usurpation and to retrieve the usurped lands and return them to the
nation. Our landlords must be sure that their property is safe. No-one can
endanger our landlords' legitimate land ownership with money and power. Farming
must continue throughout the 12 months of the year. We must make maximum use of
land, but we make minimum use of it."

President Ghani further said that the goal of his government was to turn
Afghanistan into an export-led country. He said:

"What is our goal? We want to turn from an importing into an exporting country
in the field of agriculture. Why sisters and brothers? The minister calculated
and said that we import agricultural products worth four billion dollars
annually. We import chicken from Brazil. We import milk from everywhere. We even
import fruits. The goal is that when a country exports, it improves the quality
of the products automatically. Increasing quality of agriculture causes
improvement of the farmers' economy."

He further said that they have started working with the private sector to export
agricultural products by air. Ghani said:

"We have talked with the private sector and I thanked them for one of their
plans, which is in the works. The plan is how to export 600 tons of fresh fruits
daily from Kabul airport starting in the month of Jawza [May-June]. I have
challenged and instructed all the provincial governors to come with specific
export goals in places where we have airports."

He further said about import and export issues in Afghanistan:

"We have two fundamental problems. One is our wrong import and export balance. A
country which exported wheat for years imports over 600,000 tons of it today.
Second, the relations between the villages and cities are very weak. The
relations between cities and villages must change fundamentally. My plan is that
the National Solidarity Programme [NSP] must not perform small activities. It
should resolve major problems of our farmers in consultation with farmers. My
first instruction is that the NSP must irrigate the lands. It must concrete and
organize your canals."

He also highlighted the importance of agricultural outreach, saying:

"My suggestion is that you should reach out in consultation with consumers and
those who create the value chain. If money flows into the pockets of farmers,
your outreach will have been successful, but your outreach will fail if money
does not flow into the pockets of farmers. Agriculture must turn from a
tradition into a profession. Agriculture is a profession today. If we want
farmers' children to become farmers, we should provide them with prosperous
lives. Why do they come to the cities? They come because they think their lives
will improve. The day when the farmers' educated sons realize that continuation
of agriculture is fundamentally in their favour and it is a safe life,
Afghanistan will change fundamentally. For this reason, the export sector is
important for us."

Source: National Afghanistan TV, Kabul, in Dari and Pashto 0635 gmt 20 Feb 16

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                              Correction Appended

(Corr) Afghan President Ghani stresses export-led agriculture sector

LENGTH: 993 words


(Correcting headline)

Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has said agricultural development is a vital need
and it is impossible to ensure stability in the country without it. Speaking at
a gathering of farmers and agricultural officials aired live on state-run
National Afghanistan TV on 20 February, Ghani said:

"Mines will bring prosperity, but stability cannot be ensured in Afghanistan
without agriculture. Thus, the issue of agriculture does not belong to the
ministry of agriculture alone. It is one of the most important issues of our
governance and a national commitment. Our goal is a prosperous agriculture
sector, because Afghanistan's political, economic and social stability depends
on agriculture."

He also highlighted the role played by the private sector in agricultural
development, saying:

"I must admit that our private sector has been more effective than the ministry
of agriculture in the fields of outreach and support for farmers. The farmers,
the private sector and the state are partners. However, relations between the
private sector and farmers are weak, because the state does not play its role.
The role of the government in strengthening the farmers and the private sector
must be specified."

According to President Ghani, some agricultural items of Afghanistan are
exported in the name of the neighbouring and other world countries and they will
try to address the problem. He said:

"Our saffron is exported in the name of neighbours and Europeans today. What
export problems have we solved today? What we have inherited is that we have not
paid fundamental attention to our exports. And we must resolve this problem
fundamentally. It is unfortunate that other cabinet members are not present here
today. This is unacceptable. How is agriculture possible without public works,
and energy and water and commerce? This indicates that the Afghan cabinet has
not fundamentally realized the importance of agriculture yet. Tell them in the
next meeting that this is priority and they must be present."

President Ghani said that their first priority was to control Afghanistan's
waters and put them to use for irrigation and other purposes. He said:

"Our water must be controlled and be at our disposal. If God is willing, we will
start work on building 21 water dams this year. My attention and my commitment
is focused on controlling our waters. Coordination of our waters will cause two
things. First, we must take maximum use of water, but we do not do so today.
Second, floods have ruined us. We lose at least one billion dollars annually
because of floods. Instead of creating jobs, our rivers cause destruction. We
lose thousands of hectares of land. Water must be adjusted by all means and be
at the service of farmers. This is our first programme."

He stressed that the government was committed to prevent land usurpation in the
country, saying:

"The first land issue is its usurpation. I have instructed all the governors to
prevent new usurpation and to retrieve the usurped lands and return them to the
nation. Our landlords must be sure that their property is safe. No-one can
endanger our landlords' legitimate land ownership with money and power. Farming
must continue throughout the 12 months of the year. We must make maximum use of
land, but we make minimum use of it."

President Ghani further said that the goal of his government was to turn
Afghanistan into an export-led country. He said:

"What is our goal? We want to turn from an importing into an exporting country
in the field of agriculture. Why sisters and brothers? The minister calculated
and said that we import agricultural products worth four billion dollars
annually. We import chicken from Brazil. We import milk from everywhere. We even
import fruits. The goal is that when a country exports, it improves the quality
of the products automatically. Increasing quality of agriculture causes
improvement of the farmers' economy."

He further said that they have started working with the private sector to export
agricultural products by air. Ghani said:

"We have talked with the private sector and I thanked them for one of their
plans, which is in the works. The plan is how to export 600 tons of fresh fruits
daily from Kabul airport starting in the month of Jawza [May-June]. I have
challenged and instructed all the provincial governors to come with specific
export goals in places where we have airports."

He further said about import and export issues in Afghanistan:

"We have two fundamental problems. One is our wrong import and export balance. A
country which exported wheat for years imports over 600,000 tons of it today.
Second, the relations between the villages and cities are very weak. The
relations between cities and villages must change fundamentally. My plan is that
the National Solidarity Programme [NSP] must not perform small activities. It
should resolve major problems of our farmers in consultation with farmers. My
first instruction is that the NSP must irrigate the lands. It must concrete and
organize your canals."

He also highlighted the importance of agricultural outreach, saying:

"My suggestion is that you should reach out in consultation with consumers and
those who create the value chain. If money flows into the pockets of farmers,
your outreach will have been successful, but your outreach will fail if money
does not flow into the pockets of farmers. Agriculture must turn from a
tradition into a profession. Agriculture is a profession today. If we want
farmers' children to become farmers, we should provide them with prosperous
lives. Why do they come to the cities? They come because they think their lives
will improve. The day when the farmers' educated sons realize that continuation
of agriculture is fundamentally in their favour and it is a safe life,
Afghanistan will change fundamentally. For this reason, the export sector is
important for us."

Source: National Afghanistan TV, Kabul, in Dari and Pashto 0635 gmt 20 Feb 16

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 20, 2016



CORRECTION: (Correcting headline)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                             July 2, 2008 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Farmers betrayed by minority

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1480 words


THE single desk wheat marketing tool has been the jewel in the crown of the
Australian wheat industry for more than 60 years.

In that time, the Australian wheat industry has grown and consolidated.

Now it has been destroyed by the Liberal Party voting with Labor in the Senate
to deregulate the industry.

Australia is the driest continent on earth and its erratic rainfall is a huge
problem for growers.

Yet dedicated plant breeders have developed the best milling wheat in the world.

All that is now at risk to satisfy the hopes of some politicians and the wishes
of the ``free market'' idealogues.

A recent grower survey showed 70-80 per cent of them voted for the single desk.

The 20 per cent or so that voted for deregulation have been the Trojan horse
that has opened the gate for foreign money power and non-wheat growers to take a
huge chunk of wealth generated by farmers.

The Rudd Government is struggling but the division in the Coalition over wheat
marketing guarantees Labor at least a second term.

Kevin O'Neill,

Tocumwal, NSW

Alarm bells over emissions tax

THE article ``Stark future for stock,'' (WT, June 25) by Kate Dowler should send
alarm bells through the animal industry.

Using official figures, on average, dairy farmers will pay about $60,000 a year
in tax.

Added to this will be the increased costs passed on by others -- such as fuel
energy to cover their loss. This will send many to the wall.

Mike Stephens' idea to get producers involved in the debate is great -- but how?

Our local South West Climate Change Group offers nothing. West Victorian Dairy
offers nothing and (farm leaders) Ramsay, Burgess and Clark are conspicuous by
their absence.

There is no forum for people to express an opinion or hear what ideas others
have or what they are doing.

Are we as democratic as we would like others to think?

Climate-change action could make some people lots of money and force others out
of business if it is not watched carefully.

Alex McKenzie, Timboon

Corporates are a privilege

I WISH to respond to your special report on corporate farming (WT, June 18).

I have been privileged to have been employed by one of the so-called ``corporate
raiders'' for almost 12 years, 10 as a property manager.

Before this I spent five long post-graduate years as a poorly rewarded station
hand for family farming entities in jobs that offered few opportunities.

The rural media should shed a more positive light on the impact corporate farms
are having on agriculture.

They provide a unique platform for those passionate about farming who aren't
born into land ownership, to have a real place in global food production.

If agriculture truly believes in attracting young people to the land, it need to
look at the professionalism and accountability a good corporate landholder
brings to the industry.

I work for a safe, environmentally-conscious organisation with professional
administrative support that should be the envy of the industry.

Please think of our future young farmers before peddling the usual popular
stereotypical myths about organisations such as ours -- otherwise they will look
elsewhere for a career.

John Stevenson,

farm manager, Warakirri Pty Ltd

Mannum is a state issue

PETER Hunt in his article ``SA the culprit in lake fiasco'', (WT, June 25) is
right on the button.

This drought has caught the SA Government in the situation where there is only
enough water to allow 1000 gigalitres to flow past Mannum to supply an urban
requirement of 270 gigalitres.

The rest of this water flowing to Lake Alexandrina has to satisfy evaporation of
up to 1000 gigalitres a year, plus uncontrolled irrigation requirements.

The SA Government has allowed this situation to continue because the cost is
zero and management non existent.

The lack of water demands this situation be remedied permanently. The Murray
Darling Basin cannot afford to lose 700 gigalitres a year to evaporation from
the lakes.

The Murray mouth has been open for thousands of years.

The Murray River, as far back as Swan Reach, has acted as an estuary with the
sea flowing into the lakes and the lower Murray at times of low flows and and
being flushed back out during periods of high flows.

This has kept levels in the lakes and lower Murray at a reasonable constant
level, but rendered the water at Mannum unsuitable for urban supply.

The river downstream of Mannum is an unsustainable manufactured environment that
should be returned to its natural estuary state.

This immediately frees up 700 gigalitres. Penny Wong's preference to buy water
upstream of SA and Prof Mike Young's charge to transfer 25 per cent of
irrigators' water to the environment are absurd, short-term solutions.

A lack of will has prevented SA fixing this state state-induced problem.

Now is the time for action.

Bruce M. Bassed,

Colbinabbin

Greed, ignorance river's enemies

THE provocative headline ``River War'' (WT, June 25) does nothing to help save
the nation's greatest river.

It will inflame Victorian readers who are led to believe that SA is to blame for
the impending death of the lower lakes and Coorong.

As the realities of drought and low flows creep upstream, people are searching
for someone else to blame.

Peter Hunt says SA inaction is the cause of our problems. Wrong. Over-extraction
is. We don't control upstream inflows .

Evaporation from the lower lakes is the reason for the water's soaring salinity.
Wrong. Low flows are.

The barrages turned the lakes into artificial ponds. Wrong. Insufficient flows
forced the building of the barrages to maintain the lakes' fresh condition.

Allow ``the sea to slowly flow back into the lakes''. Wrong. The sea was never
in the lakes, apart from tiny moments in time over the 7500 years the lakes have
existed in their present form.

Build a weir at Wellington. This demand is naive and dangerous. Blocking the
bottom end of the river will not fix the problem -- correcting the cause will.

The Murray has withstood droughts for thousands of years but the lower lakes
have never been in this situation before.

The only thing that has changed is the excessive extraction of normal flows.

Evidence shows that the river has been plundered for 100-plus years.

Yes, we can build a weir -- and soon after two things will happen.

Greed will see even more water drained from the river.

The river will progressively die upstream as salts and toxins, normally diluted
and flushed to the sea, accumulate along the river. (1000 tonnes of salt a day
usually passes Wellington.)

First and foremost, we need a healthy river system. The river states must work
together on this or there'll be nothing left for anyone.

Arguing among ourselves is what got us into this mess.

Understanding the whole system is a prerequisite to finding a solution.

The common enemy is over-allocation, fuelled by greed and ignorance. None of us
can fight this alone.

Adrian Pederick MP,

Member for Hammond

No need for merger slur

COMMENTS by Devon-Welshpool-Won Wron-Woodside club secretary Gary Farley
``Allies dig in'' (WT, June 25), that ``they were $14,000 in debt, they had no
players but we took them on'' were unnecessary, inaccurate and offensive to all
Won Wron Woodside supporters.

Being the secretary of the DWWWW since its inception in 1997, Gary has been at
all the meetings and has records that show the real picture.

At a meeting before the merger, Won Wron Woodside supporters, led by Steve
Witchell and Robin and Ross Joyce, set out how they would re-pay the debt so as
not to impede the merged club.

They held raffles (boats and chainsaws donated) and ran a food stall at the
Yarram Show for years to repay the debt.

And Peter Boddy, a former president, donated the proceeds of a camp draft he
organised.

Why would Gary Farley say we had no players when his records would show more
than 30 players moved to the newly formed club?

The entry of Under 12s to the Sale & District junior league was a clause of the
merger conditions that has added many junior players to the area.

About 50 per cent of the players in the three senior premiership teams since
were former Won Wron Woodside players.

I was an executive of the DWWWW for years and have team sheets and financial
statements to prove my case.

Our first year, 1997, was our worst financially.

Won Wron Woodside didn't contribute money to the merger but brought no debt.

Devon Welshpool spent its money that year to pay its bills.

The teams incorporated in 1997 on an equal footing.

I was at the club for some time and know the Alberton West venue received more
rental funds than the Woodside venue.

The club was in a strong financial position when I finished my term as president
in 2004.

Won Wron Woodside came to the merger with no money, but had players and
supporters.

It left its share of assets when it moved to the North Gippsland league this
year.

How can the secretary of DWWWW say something that denigrates every Won Wron
Woodside supporter?

Peter Seccull,

ex-president, DWWWW Football & Netball Club

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday

Department of Agriculture gets some help in going green

BYLINE: PAMELA WOOD Staff Writer

SECTION: ARUNDEL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 504  words


The state Department of Agriculture is taking its own advice to landscape in an
eco-friendly way by planting gardens to slow and treat polluted stormwater that
runs off into nearby Broad Creek.

Earlier this summer, the agency exhorted homeowners to take landscaping tips
from farmers and begin doing such things as using native plants and reducing
fertilizer use.

Now the department is working with the South River Federation to build rain
gardens at the agency's headquarters on Harry S Truman Parkway in Annapolis.

The federation secured a grant to pay for the agriculture rain gardens, as well
as another one across the street at the county Health Department.

"These gardens are really going to reduce a lot of the runoff," said Matt
Berres, the federation's executive director.

Normally, rain that washes off the agriculture building rooftop and surrounding
parking lots and driveways flows into storm drains and pipes that empty out into
Broad Creek across the street. Broad Creek flows into the South River and
ultimately the Chesapeake Bay.

The warm, dirty, pollutant-laden stormwater can be harmful to aquatic life, and
it can cause the stream banks to erode.

To counteract the harmful effects of stormwater, three rain gardens were
planted. They differ slightly in shape and design, but in all three, rainwater
will flow into the gardens through cuts that will be made in the curbs.

A depressed area planted with native plants - blue flag iris, echinacea, little
bluestem grass, pink turtlehead - will soak up the rainwater. Beneath the
garden, layers of gravel and sand will help filter the water so it can join the
groundwater system.

Ultimately, the rain gardens should be able to soak up nearly a 1-inch rainfall.

"It will be like a perennial garden," said Anne Guillette, a landscape architect
from Low Impact Design Studio in Pasadena, which designed the rain gardens. "A
lot of people plant these, but not in rain gardens."

The rain gardens have the advantage of being both functional and attractive, Mr.
Berres added.

"Obviously, they do a great job of controlling stormwater, and they're
beautiful, too," he said.

The Gold Leaf Group of Montgomery County handled the heavy duty work on the
gardens, and more than two dozen volunteers spent Friday morning putting the
plant plugs and stones in place.

Many of the volunteers were Department of Agriculture employees, South River
Federation members and residents of the nearby Heritage Harbour community.

While the Department of Agriculture didn't pay for the gardens, the agency plans
to add some more shrubs and plants around the rain gardens.

The rain garden work was paid for by a $150,000 grant from the Chesapeake Bay
Trust, which is the nonprofit group that distributes the proceeds from the
"Treasure the Chesapeake" license plates and tax return checkoffs.

Half of the money is paying for the Department of Agriculture and Health
Department rain gardens. The other half is being used to promote the use of
smaller rain gardens and rain barrels at homes near Beards Creek.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                             June 10, 2004 Thursday

Brian Fallow: French custom of protecting farmers will not go quietly

SECTION: BUSINESS; Dialogue

LENGTH: 1247 words


Claude Fouassier is an amiable man, a charming man, but a man with a problem -
he is a French farmer.

He grows cereals on a 220ha farm in the Loiret region, in central France. That
is about twice the size of an average cereals farm and four times the size of an
average French farm.

He gets impressive yields - 8 tonnes a hectare in an average year - and adds
value by feeding much of it to poultry. Some of their eggs are sold to the
scientists of the Pasteur Institute. It pays a premium.

Even so, he relies on subsidies from the European Union's Common Agricultural
Policy (CAP) for more than half of his farm's income.

This is under threat as a result of the eastward enlargement of the EU,
consummated on May 1, and external pressure for concessions on agricultural
protectionism under the World Trade Organisation's Doha round.

"We are frightened by the newcomers into the EU," he said.

Their costs are lower and they will dilute the flow of subsidy money from
Brussels.

In October 2002, on the eve of the EU summit which approved the expansion of the
union from 15 to 25 members, a deal was struck between French President Jacques
Chirac and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and subsequently adopted by their
peers as the overarching policy of the CAP.

The CAP budget was frozen in real terms until 2013. That was to allay German
fears of a runaway cost expansion when the more agrarian economies of the new 10
members joined.

But there will be a long transition - 10 years - before farmers in the east are
treated the same as their western counterparts.

That adjustment will not be easy, says Luc Guyau, president of farmers'
representative body APCA.

But transparency and certainty are important. "So we are very happy with the
2002 decision to stabilise the budget, even though we know it will mean less for
our farmers."

Guyau, a dairy farmer, says he has to comply with strict EU regulations on
matters such as waste treatment, but he cannot increase production - because of
quotas adopted in a previous round of reform - and at the same time the price of
milk is falling.

Agriculture, he explains, is not just an economic activity. It is
multifunctional. It maintains the rural environment and way of life - two things
that the French value and are keen to preserve.

"So we say to them if you won't pay the price of the product, you will pay for
those services."

Sylvain Lambert of the Ministry of Agriculture says: "People see the countryside
as a park and forget people are working there. When the previous government
introduced the 35-hour week it increased the impression in rural areas that they
are living on a different planet."

French farmers, in other words, cannot isolate themselves from the costs
involved in living in an elaborate welfare state where social security and
government spending account for more than half of GDP.

The fear is that without subsidies and protection from lower world prices
France's poorer regions would revert to forest.

As it is, four people leave farming for every one who takes it up.

But the French are resisting the move, central to the CAP reforms adopted last
year, to "decouple" the subsidies farmers receive from production.

For Claude Fouassier it is a question of pride. He is a farmer, not a pensioner
or the curator of an open-air museum.

"At least in France we are required to produce and not just maintain the land."

But he illustrates another dimension of the problem. Three-quarters of his farm
is rented - a typical ratio in his part of the world.

The problem is that farm incomes get capitalised into land values.

In Champagne for example - a part of French agriculture which requires no
subsidies or tariff protection - vineyards are worth an average EUR1 million
($NZ 1.95 million) a hectare.

A champagne house such as Moet & Chandon last year - admittedly a bad one
climatically - was paying more than EUR4 ($NZ 7.8) a kilogram for grapes.

In regions with less globally renowned produce the same principle applies:
higher incomes are reflected in higher land values. This means that some of the
benefits of subsidy and protection flow to owners of the land rather than those
who work it.

This increases the number of people with a vested interest in the existing
arrangements, and implies some of the subsidy flow is wasted.

Another problem is that it is not just French taxpayers and consumers who pay
their country cousins to be the custodians of the countryside. France, as
Europe's largest agricultural producer, is a net recipient of CAP money.

While it may have made sense when the European Union was in its infancy to set
up structures ensuring money flowed from German cities to the French
countryside, things have changed.

Agriculture is less important to the overall French economy. Whereas it employed
one in five French workers in the late 1950s it employs only around one in 30
now. And their standard of living has improved dramatically.

Germany, meanwhile, has the ongoing costs of reunification.

Lower levels of arms support are the inescapable mathematical consequence of EU
enlargement and the budget freeze, says Herve Lejeune, agricultural adviser in
the Elysee Palace, the French White House.

"But we have taken some precautions. The budget was frozen but at a level that
gives us some flexibility and some options."

He expects the process of adjustment to include a continuation of the trend
towards larger holdings and the emphasis on higher quality products and local
brands. But will consumers pay more for specialised local produce? "They say
they will, but supermarket shelves tell a different story."

Finally there is the pressure from the Doha Round. Last month the EU's
agriculture commissioner, Pascal Lamy, offered to scrap export subsidies,
something that has long been at the top of the wish list of agricultural
exporting countries such as New Zealand.

This was deplored by Agriculture Minister Herve Gaynard.

But Lejeune said: "We are probably more willing to compromise on export
subsidies than on market access."

Since 1991 export subsidies have been reduced by two-thirds and now represent
only 8 per cent of the CAP budget and 6 per cent of the value of EU food
exports.

If markets were opened it should benefit the least developed countries, such as
Mali and Burkina Faso, not Brazil or India, Lejeune said.

But did he not think it iniquitous that agricultural tariffs should be on
average 10 times higher than those on manufactured goods?

"It is necessary to take care of our farmers," he said. "After all, they exist."

The CAP

The Common Agricultural Policy, a cornerstone of the European Union, was
outlined in the Treaty of Rome of 1957.

The CAP's aims were to boost agricultural productivity, to support the farming
way of life, to stabilise markets, and to ensure secure food supplies.

It is the most expensive EU policy. Spending on farmer support is about EUR45
billion ($88 billion) and represents nearly half the EU budget.

CAP initially worked by guaranteeing minimum prices to farmers and restricting
imports, but this led to overproduction, "butter mountains" and "wine lakes".

Reforms in 1992, 2000 and last year have mostly cut the link between farm
support payments and production.

The EU's farm subsidies are a big issue in World Trade Organisation talks aimed
at reducing trade barriers.

* Brian Fallow visited France as a guest of the French Government.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2004 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

State Bank to launch credit guarantee scheme for SMEs

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 75

LENGTH: 496  words


Syed Salim Raza, Governor, State Bank of Pakistan will launch a Credit Guarantee
Scheme for Small and Rural Enterprises, under the Financial Inclusion Program
(FIP) at a ceremony being held at SBP Learning Resource Centre Auditorium on
March 19 at 10.00 A.M.

He will also announce a Refinance Scheme for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs)
in North West Frontier Province (NWFP), Federally Administered Tribal Area
(FATA) and Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).

These schemes are aimed at enhancing the flow of credit to the SME and
Agriculture sectors with greater emphasis on revitalization of business
activities in the troubled areas of NWFP, FATA & Gilgit-Baltistan.  The ceremony
will be attended by all stakeholders including representative from banking
industry, donors and consultative groups of SMEs, agriculture and microfinance.

It may be pointed out that Agriculture and SME sectors contribute significantly
in GDP and export earnings of the country and also employ a large share of
labour force and thus greatly contribute in poverty reduction.  Keeping in view
economic importance of these two sectors, the State Bank has initiated many
important steps to improve the flow of credit in these sectors.  It may be
recalled that the State Bank of Pakistan had launched a large Financial
Inclusion Program (FIP) with British Pound 50 million grant from the UK 's
Department for International Development (DFID) to promote inclusive economic
growth through provision of sustainable financial services to the poor, small
entrepreneurs, women and marginalized communities.

It had already launched the Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility (MCGF) and
the Institutional strengthening Fund (ISF). The MCGF witnessed a steady increase
in interest from potential takers. So far four microfinance providers have
secured term sheets from commercial banks. These transactions will mobilize the
funds of Rs.1.5 billion for the microfinance banks/institutions.  A total of
Rs.300 million grants were approved by the Institutional Strengthening Fund
(ISF) Committee in the first phase. These include Rs 82 million to National
Rural Support Program's transformation into microfinance bank (MFB); Rs. 82
million to Tameer Microfinance Bank to launch its Branchless Banking through
easypaisa and Rs. 133 million for Pakistan Microfinance Network (PMN) for
operational support. Three new grant applications have been approved worth Rs.
58 million for support to First Microfinance Bank, Kashf Microfinance Bank, and
Centre for Women Cooperative Development, recently.

In addition, FIP is supporting Remittance and Anti-money laundering and Counter
Terrorism Financing for which the support is being provided to  Pakistan
Remittance Initiative (PRI) and Financial Monitoring Unit (FMU). In  the next
phase, FIP will launch Financial Innovation Challenge Fund worth GBP  10 million
and a technology fund worth GBP2 million to promote financial  innovation and
support alternative delivery channels.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                      January 19, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Counter-terrorism measures threaten remittances sent to Somali diaspora: UN
experts

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 544  words


New York, Jan 19 (Just Earth News/IBNS): Expressing concern over the impact on
vital remittances from diaspora countries into Somalia caused by "necessary but
less considered counter-terrorism regulations," United Nations rights experts on
Monday warned the measures may "severely affect the human rights" of Somali
people, while urging regulation-setting governments to guarantee the flow of
such funds.

Remittances are an essential lifeline for Somalis and the closure of MTO [money
transfer operators] bank accounts risks further impoverishing an already
desperate population, said Philip Alston, the UN Special Rapporteur on extreme
poverty, stressing that a decrease in remittances to Somalia may severely affect
the human rights of people living in the country. Most money is used by families
to cover basic household expenses, such as food, clothing, education, and
medical care, according to a recent report by the Food and Agriculture
Organization (FAO). The human rights to adequate food, to the highest attainable
standard of physical and mental health and even the right to life could be at
stake, as remittances decrease, Alston warned. Following the terrorist attacks
of 11 September 2001, the United States and other countries strengthened their
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism regulations and their enforcement.
While such actions are clearly necessary according to the UN experts, their
unintended consequence has led various commercial banks refuse to do business
with Somali MTOs because they are considered too high-risk. The shutdown of
those MTOs, which being the main measure for Somali diaspora to transfer money,
has made sending remittances from overseas more difficult. The Somali
expatriates that send money home and those who depend on them, should not have
to suffer for the limited number of cases in which remittances have ended up in
the wrong hands, stressed Ben Emmerson, the UN Special Rapporteur on human
rights and counter-terrorism. While the head of UN Working Group on business and
human rights, Dante Pesce, urged governments to ensure their laws provide an
environment conducive to business respect for human rights, the UN expert on the
situation of human rights in Somalia, Bahame Nyanduga, also appealed that the
Government of Somalia, despite the constraints it faces, can also do more to
develop its banking system, including by more adequate monitoring and oversight
of the Somali banking sector. Nyanduga said all governments concerned have a
duty to ensure that legitimate funds can continue to flow to the people of
Somalia, whose livelihoods stand to suffer if these remittances are curtailed.
Meanwhile, the UN rights experts have been in contact with the governments of
the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia and Somalia to raise their
concerns and seek clarification about this situation. Somalia has a large
diaspora living abroad after decades of chaos and civil strife in the country.
They are estimated to send at least $1.2 billion remittances per year to
relatives in Somalia, which represent at least one fifth of the countrys gross
domestic product (GDP) and are more than the total amount of foreign aid that
Somalia receives. Photo: AU/UN IST/Stuart Price/www.justearthnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday
                                 Hobart Edition

Farmers still face cash-flow hardships

BYLINE: KAROLIN MACGREGOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 677  words


TASMANIAN farmers say more can be done to help struggling producers, who face
severe cash-flow problems over the next few months.

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce this week announced the Government would
deliver a $550 million support package, which includes concessional loans and
added support for Murray Goulburn and Fonterra suppliers.

Bracknell dairy producer Lindsay Thompson - one of the state's winter milk
producers who has been hit part-icularly hard by unexpected cuts to Fonterra's
milk price - said the assistance package was welcome.

But for many farmers, cash flow over the next few months was the most critical
issue and something that was not being addressed, he said.

"It's a medium fix and it will help a lot of dairy farmers, but the issue now is
cash flow in the next two-three months and not another loan," he said.

"We're obviously going into a depressed price, so we don't know where that's
going to end up. So that's going to put a lot more pressure on coming into the
spring with early costs. But if they're coming out of late autumn and winter
with no cash flow, what are they going to do?

"There is going to be a lot of people under an extreme amount of pressure. I
reckon it's far worse than the GFC and I've been through the GFC." Mr Lindsay
said what farmers really need is money to help pay for costs over the next few
months, after milk prices for May and June were slashed from an expected 56
cents a litre to about 14 cents.

The full season farmgate price was cut from 42 cents a litre to 37 cents. "It's
appreciated this package, that they're doing something, but over the years the
governments - be it Labor or Liberal - have been quite happy to hand out
billions of dollars to the terminal car industry, and we're not terminal," he
said.

"We're in a dip and I would think there are nearly as many people involved
directly and indirectly with the dairy industry as there is with the automobile
industry. Why can't we get the same support as them as a one-off?" Under the
existing support package, farmers will have immediate access to $55 million in
dairy recovery concessional loans.

They also will have access to $500 million in concessional loans in 2016-17 and
2017-18.

The loans will be payable over 10 years and the interest rate, which is
currently 2.71 per cent, will drop to 2.66 per cent from August. Farmers will be
able to borrow up to $1 million or half what they owe, whichever is the lower
figure.

Tasmania will also share in $2 million of Commonwealth funding to help establish
a commodity milk price index.

The aim of the index is to provide farmers with more information about both
domestic and export market signals and global milk prices, which they could use
during supply negotiations with processing companies.

Tasmania will also share some of the $2 million in funding from Dairy Australia
along with Victoria and South Australia. The Federal Government will provide an
extra $900,000 for Dairy Australia's Tactics for Tight Times program and another
$900,000 in support for nine additional rural financial counsellors.

Tasmanian Farmers and Graziers Association dairy council chairman Andrew Lester
cautiously welcomed the announcement.

"It is more debt, but it does do a couple of things," he said. "If people need
money it would be good to get it at a lower interest rate, which is what this
does. It might also put a bit more pressure on the banks, who have been pretty
good so far, to even lower their interest rates for a short period of time,
which would help people who already have loans with them." Tasmanian Minister
for Primary Industries Jeremy Rockliff has also outlined the State Government's
response, after a meeting of the Dairy Taskforce earlier this week.

About $140,000 in funding will be reallocated from the Into Dairy program to
other forms of assistance to help farmers through the current crisis, including
the Taking Stock workshops.This follows a $135,000 commitment by the State
Government over the next three years to provide additional funding for the Rural
Financial Counselling Service.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                            November 3, 2003 Monday

Adams farm is Growing Greener';
Agriculture grant helps to fill in gaps where other programs fall short.

BYLINE: By CHRISTINA KAUFFMAN For The Evening Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS

LENGTH: 780 words


Land was literally running off Jim and Mary Ulrich's dairy farm north of Cross
Keys.

Water runoff from a barn had eroded the land, leaving a three-foot-deeprun,
devoid of vegetation, in the pasture.

They wanted to fix the problem, but "money's tight, and [grant] programsare
competitive," said Brian Sneeringer, agricultural conservation technician with
Adams County Conservation District.

The state's budget crunch threatens to leave little money for somegrant
programs, but some Adams County farmers with the help of the conservation
district have found help in Growing Greener, a program aimed primarily at
preserving the state's watersheds.

Shortly before leaving office in 2003, Gov. Mark Schweiker securedthe program by
doubling its funding and extending it until 2012.

And Sneering said those funds are helping to fill in some of the gapswhere other
programs fall short.

Sneeringer said over the past decade, farmers have been faced withmore
environmental regulations but with less money to implement the necessary
changes.

"With the advent of industrial farms, there are more and moreeyes looking at
agriculture," Sneeringer said. "Society is dictating to them to do a better job
of keeping things clean. In Adams County, we have no shortage of farmers
requesting assistance for environmental improvements."

If about 20 Adams County farmers seek grant funding through the U.S.Department
of Agriculture, about five will receive it.

Two years ago, the conservation district applied for Growing Greenergrants and
secured about $14,000 to install agricultural best management practices on two
farms.

The Ulrichs' 34-acre Hamilton Township farm was accepted into the
cost-shareprogram, where the farmer pays about 20 percent of the cost of the
project.

The program will also fund installation of a concrete manure storagearea for an
Adams County turkey and beef farmer.

It has taken more than two years to complete the work on Ulrichs' farm.

The farmer and conservation district employees worked together to constructa
650-foot-long, 36-foot-wide waterway to spread out the flow of water and fill in
the erosion ditch.

They planted grass atop the waterway and fenced the area so the Ulrichs'65 head
of cattle couldn't always graze there.

"Otherwise it could turn into a problem again because it stays wet,and animals
get in there and the hoof traffic churns up the soil," Sneeringer said.

Jim Ulrich said it "works like a charm." The fence along one side ofthe waterway
prevents cattle from crossing onto the waterway. They planted impalpable grass
so the cattle wouldn't over-graze in certain areas and eat all the grass that
soaks up water and prevents erosion.

"They don't like the taste of it, so they won't spend much time there,"Ulrich
said. "It's called Kentucky 31 Tall Thescue."

But the work didn't stop with erosion.

"In this case, it was the eroded ditch the farmer wanted to address,"Sneeringer
said. "But it's a compromise-type deal."

After completing the project the farmer wanted to complete, he saidthe
conservation district identifies other issues the farmer may not have thought
about to put together a whole package that is good for the environment.

At the Ulrichs' farm, the group fenced out about 3/4 acre around apond that
animals previously had access to.

"With animals not in there grazing, it allows trees and plants thatthrive in
wetlands to grow," Sneeringer said. "[Wetlands] are nature's sponge, and the
plants that tolerate [wetland] conditions cleanse the water before it passes
on."

They also helped implement some rotational grazing practices so animalsdon't
over-graze and damage grass.

"In the long run, you put together a plan that benefits everyone,"Sneeringer
said. "The farmer can better manage manure, or his fields aren't washing into
the stream. You and I are happy because the water quality is better.

"The farmer's mind is eased because he knows he won't have a problemwith
pollution. Wildlife has more habitat, and we get to look at the scenery because
[the farmer] stays in business."

While the annual funding to each county varies, Growing Greener hasallocated
about $40 million a year in municipal grants since its inception in 1999, said
Kerry Chippo, spokeswoman for the state's Department of Environmental
Protection. It is one of four agencies that oversees the money.

Next year, the Adams County Conservation District will receive $75,148to cut
manure runoff and $13,757 for design and installation of storm-water management
facilities.

The Watershed Alliance of Adams County will receive $34,540 for installationof
stream flow gauges.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Evening Sun


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday
                                Internet Edition

Wheat stocks: a bigger issue than just a few dollars a tonne

BYLINE: PETE MAILLER

LENGTH: 1100 words


FOR all the noise of the Wheat Stocks Reporting Bill during the past few years,
it's a shame to have seen it almost disappear out of sight - of more concern is
how much this has cost rural communities.

Most people would be shocked to learn that through the inaction of Deputy Prime
Minister and Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources Barnaby Joyce in
implementing this legislation, he is personally responsible for ripping more
than $2 billion out of rural and regional economies since he took office.

Most people would say it can't be true. The number is too big to believe.
However, brace yourself, the numbers are staggering and in truth, potentially
much larger.

One of the first things we need to recognise is every aspect of our lives are
interconnected. There isn't really a "them and us" logic that really works and
this is absolutely true for rural and regional communities.

When a farmer, particularly a family farmer, earns a dollar for his produce this
initial inflow of money at farm level underwrites a much larger economic
activity. This money flows through the economy, in wages, paying for goods and
service, and if the season was good, maybe a holiday.

This flow of money is what keeps people employed in most regional centres and it
is what keeps families in regional centres, schools and hospitals open and so
on.

Crudely, I am trying to describe what is measured when economists calculate an
economic multiplier. The accepted economic multiplier for agriculture in
Australia is seven. This means that every dollar that goes to farming businesses
in regional Australia increases gross domestic product in the broader economy by
a factor of seven. This is a measure of the economic benefit to all people from
every extra dollar a farmer earns.

This is why it so critically important to ensure that agricultural supply chains
are as efficient as possible and deliver the best and fairest possible returns
to producers. Every small town in Australia is inexorably linked to viability of
the farm sector and in the end so is the entire nation.

Now let me get back to my outlandish claim. The current federal minister for
agriculture has ripped more than $2 billion out of the rural economy.

We all know that agricultural supply chains are hopelessly distorted in favour
of those who control access to the market. This distortion is known as market
asymmetry. It occurs as a result of an imbalance in power in and over the
agricultural supply chains that ultimately corrupts price setting and market
access.

The most readily recognised example is the globally unmatched control of the
grocery market in Australia by the Coles and Woolworths. The grain industry has
its own version of this supermarket problem in bulk handling companies like
GrainCorp, but all agricultural commodities are ultimately affected to some
degree, be it by milk processors, meat processors, sugar processors etcetera.

The 2016 winter crop harvest is now well underway and the pundits are expecting
a larger than average, albeit low priced, wheat crop. Therefore, it is timely to
use the wheat supply chain and a glaring and deliberate failure by the Minister.

The bulk handlers have exclusive and full knowledge of everybody's stock
position within their grain networks. In contrast the rest of the trade and
growers are essentially trading blind.

In late, 2012 the Wheat Export Marketing Amendment Bill was passed by the
Gillard government with conditions imposed on its passage by Greens Senator
Rachel Siewert.

Specifically, there was a condition that bulk handling companies must provide
wheat stocks information that described wheat held in the central grain systems
by grade, by port zone, weekly during harvest and monthly thereafter.

This information would have helped address some of the asymmetry that favours
bulk handling companies in the grain marketing system. The conditions only
applied to wheat because the Bill was specifically about wheat.

The value of this information was conservatively and independently estimated to
be worth three to five dollars ($3 to $5) a tonne of wheat to growers in
Australia. Of course we do not export every tonne of wheat that we grow, but the
entire pricing of the crop is leveraged off the export price and therefore any
loss of efficiency in the export supply chain affects the price of every tonne
of wheat we produce.

Since taking office, Barnaby Joyce has failed to enforce those specific
conditions that compelled the provision of this stocks information. Mr Joyce has
held office for three wheat harvests and Australian producers have produced
approximately 75 million tonnes of wheat in that time.

By extrapolation this has cost growers about $4/t in lost revenue by failing to
enforce the conditions of the passage of the Wheat Export Marketing Amendment
Bill. That equates to about $300 million in lost revenue to the wheat production
sector on his watch.

The accepted economic multiplier for Australian farm income is a factor of
seven. As a result, Mr Joyce's inaction has cost our economy about $2.1 billion
and the most directly affected are those in our regional economies.

Producer groups across the country consistently and continually pressured Mr
Joyce to follow through and ensure this stocks information be provided, but he
has deliberately failed to act.

Mr Joyce's disgraceful inaction on wheat stocks has delivered a real and
measurable economic loss in communities least able to afford it. With the fourth
wheat harvest under way on Barnaby Joyce's watch and we still do not have the
necessary grain stocks transparency to deliver a fairer price to producers.

As I pointed out at the beginning this example is for one grain in a diverse
grains industry and does not begin to touch on the impact of poor transparency
and fairer price discovery that impact nearly every agricultural supply chain in
the country. The numbers are truly staggering and the inaction is mind numbing.

Very few of the solutions to the problems facing Australia and particularly
rural and regional Australia involve rocket science. Yet, we have been convinced
the problems are complex and the solutions more so.

This is a load of garbage peddled by those who are committed to maintaining the
status quo. Sadly, too many people have bought into this thinking. This, in
turn, allows the people in a position to make a difference, like Barnaby Joyce,
to get away with doing nothing.

Imagine the benefit for rural and regional communities if the lack of
transparency and fair price discovery was meaningfully addressed in agricultural
supply chains. Now that would be a great legacy.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 29, 1992 Tuesday

Drug puts economy on a high   ILLEGAL HARVEST"Marijuana is Kentucky's largest
cash crop,   and it is vital to the state's economy. Businesses   say their
earnings rise dramatically at harvest time,   when money from crop sales begins
to flow

BYLINE: JOE DAVIDSON; WSJ

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Hyden, Ky.


BY JOE DAVIDSON
The Wall Street Journal
  Hyden, Ky.
 THE 78-year-old chairman of Hyden Citizens Bank, R. B. Campbell, says
that when he encounters state troopers on a mission to eradicate the
marijuana cultivation that abounds in Kentucky, he tells them: "You're
destroying our bank. We'll never grow if you keep doing that."

Then he adds: "I'm kidding, of course."

But it's no joke what marijuana, the state's largest cash crop, means
to Kentucky, particularly in the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern part
of the state, where no other type of agriculture thrives.

"It's not many families in Leslie County it doesn't affect," Mr.
Campbell explains. "Anybody in any kind of business" is affected "one way
or another by money from that crop."

As the crop comes in starting in late summer and continuing through
fall, money from sales begins to flow. "We have an enormous payoff of our
accounts from the end of August to October," says Ken Enochs, chief
executive officer of Appalachian Finance Co. in Hyden.

His company has allowed other businesses to offer deferred-payment
deals to customers to buy in April and delay payments until the October
harvest time. "That went over real well," he says.

As long as customers are good credit risks, Mr. Enochs doesn't worry
about the source of their money. "That's immaterial. I would not have an
account with them if they didn't have a proven track record, no matter
where their funds came from."

Al Morgan, who owns a discount store on Route 406 in nearby Stinnett,
says his monthly sales rise by $20,000, about one-third, at marijuana
harvest time. "People come in and buy some pretty expensive items, living-
room suites, and pay cash. I'm strictly against marijuana, but I can't
refuse a customer."

Cultivation and eradication efforts continue after harvest season,
because more growers are turning to year-round indoor operations. These
further boost the state's marijuana crop, which already surpasses the
harvest value of tobacco, Kentucky's largest legal crop.

More than 910,000 marijuana plants, valued at more than $1.4-billion
(U.S.), have been destroyed so far this year, the state estimates.

That far exceeds the $843-million in revenue from the tobacco crop last
year and is more than one-third the value of the state's legal farm
output. State police believe they seize no more than half of the marijuana
plants grown.

(Canadian Press reported this month that marijuana has become the top  cash crop
in British Columbia. Police say the retail value of pot grown in  the city of
Vancouver alone probably comes close to the value of all the  agriculture in the
province. Dairy is British Columbia's most valuable  farm sector, at
$245-million (Canadian) a year.)     Many Kentuckians oppose the marijuana
farming in their state. Ronald  Adams, an education professor at Western
Kentucky University in Bowling  Green, says the notion that marijuana is a
harmless social drug has been  refuted by research. It can affect the brain and
inhibit thinking  processes, and it is more carcinogenic than tobacco, he
maintains.

Although locals contend much of the production is driven by the
region's economic problems, law enforcement "can't excuse criminal
activity because of the economic condition of the country," says Earl
McKigney, senior special agent in the Drug Enforcement Administration's
Lexington office.

If marijuana growers can be excused because of hard times, he adds, so
can armed robbers and burglars.

And although the state's marijuana farming hasn't sparked a large
increase in violent crime, Mr. McKigney says the potential is high, noting
the firearms found on growers and the many booby traps used to protect
plots.

The marijuana plant isn't new to eastern Kentucky; the region grew hemp
to make rope during the Second World War. But in recent years, as coal-
mining jobs have plunged, pot production has increasingly filled an
employment void.

"If these people could get jobs in the coal mines for $15 an hour, they
would do that rather than go in the hills and work like mules" cultivating
marijuana, contends Ronnie Lewis, who runs his family's general store just
outside of Hyden.

"They want to label pot growers as criminals," Mr. Lewis complains
about the authorities. "But they are just good, honest, mountain people."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 22, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'RED TIDE' POISONS GULF COAST TOURISM

BYLINE: By JOHN LANTIGUA Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1482 words

DATELINE: ANNA MARIA ISLAND


Ed Chiles, who runs three waterside restaurants near here, watched and worried
as toxic "red tide" bloom washed ashore this winter and the air started to
sting.

Chiles, son of the late governor, Lawton Chiles, remembers his throat growing
raspy and his eyes beginning to burn. And not just his, but some of his
customers.

"When it gets bad, it can ruin your business," Chiles says. "It is potentially
devastating."

Red tide is a natural seaborne bloom that, in large quantities, kills fish,
sweeping them ashore and littering beaches. It also kills manatees, at least 46
this year. Lastly, it unleashes toxic gases that cause coughing, running noses
and respiratory problems in humans.

That means big trouble for the large tourism business in Southwest Florida, from
Tampa Bay down to Captiva and Sanibel.

The bloom is natural to the Gulf of Mexico, scientists say. But lately, local
entrepreneurs and residents say it is growing worse.

That has led the tourism industry to raise questions, including one very prickly
issue: Does runoff water, rich with fertilizers, most of them from agricultural
operations inland, cause the bloom to be stronger and more frequent along the
coast?

"We're not accusing agriculture, but we want research done," Chiles says. "We
want it studied and without regard to whose ox gets gored."

Florida's two biggest industries are tourism and agriculture. The possibility
that one issue may set them against each other makes no one happy, in either
camp. But that's what it may come to.

Despite Chiles' caveat, the most obvious "ox" is the $63 billion-a-year
agriculture industry. About 1 million pounds of phosphorus drain into Lake
Okeechobee every year. Almost all of that was once fertilizers from citrus
groves and vegetable farms and cow manure from dairy farms and cattle ranches.
Sugar plantations also contribute, but to a lesser degree.

To keep the lake from running over, water is released into the St. Lucie River
to the east and the Caloosahatchee River to the west. Some treated sewage and
residential runoff also flows downstream.

The agricultural runoff contains amounts of nitrogen, along with the phosphorus.
Those two elements are called "nutrients," and just as they make crops grow on
land, they can make waterborne organisms grow, too. In the lake and also in the
St. Lucie, the water feeds algae blooms, which also play havoc with the ecology.

To the west, the diverted water flows to the Gulf of Mexico where the red tide
is waiting, normally about 10 to 25 miles offshore. In good years, it stays out
there. But especially when winds are onshore, that tide comes closer and even
onto the beach.

Bad for business

"It isn't attractive," says Tamara Pigott of the Lee County Visitors and
Convention Bureau. "It doesn't smell good. It kills fish, and every time it
happens, my eyes water."

Pigott isn't alone. Many residents and visitors avoid the beach and seaside
areas when the tide arrives. Anyone with asthma or other respiratory problems is
particularly prone to discomfort.

"Some people cut short their vacations," Pigott says. "It's bad for business."

Chiles says his revenues were off only slightly this season, but Anna Maria
Island was spared the worst of it. To the south 60 miles, at Boca Grande in
northern Lee County, Kim Honey, an owner of the South Beach Bar & Grille, says
the tide was worse.

"Business was off 17 percent in March," says Honey, who is the local leader of a
statewide group, Solutions to Avoid Red Tide, which includes environmentalists,
sport fishing professionals and tourism entrepreneurs. The group wants more
money allocated to study the toxic blooms and, eventually, to control them.

Pigott calls the connection between the red tide and agricultural runoff water
"suspicious," although she's "not pointing any fingers at agriculture."

"But tourism is at least equally important to the economy in Florida as the
agriculture industry," she says. "I don't know if agriculture is to blame -
residential runoff is also part of the equation - but they should at least
consider the tourism industry when decisions are made. Whoever is making the
decisions is not sharing our concerns. We need a place at the table."

One of those decisions involves the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and South
Florida Water Management District - specifically, when they choose to release
the tainted waters from Lake Okeechobee and how much sluices into the
Caloosahatchee.

A recently announced plan to release even more water than usual, in an effort to
resuscitate vegetation in the lake, means more potential headaches downstream.
The water not only is a possible source of increased red tide but also affects
the balance between saltwater and fresh water in estuaries downstream and
endangers sea life.

Phosphorus flow

Another key issue is the amount of phosphorus allowed to drain into the lake in
the first place. The Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services
establishes the "best management practices" that, in the end, determine how much
phosphorus an agricultural business is permitted to use.

According to Paul Gray, science coordinator for the Audubon Society Watershed
Program, about 500 tons of phosphorus, almost all created by agriculture, go
into the lake every year. There has been some improvement since the passage of
the Lake Okeechobee Protection Act in 2000, Gray says. One goal of that
legislation is to cut phosphorus flow into the lake to 100 tons by 2015. But the
total could be cut more quickly if the agriculture department were stricter,
Gray says.

"What they're doing just isn't adequate," says Gray.

He attributes the current policies to political contributions by agricultural
interests and their lobbyists in Tallahassee. Like many other critics of the
agriculture department and its policies governing agrichemicals, Gray says it is
a case of "the fox guarding the henhouse."

"And we're trying to guard the fox, but it isn't easy," he says.

Agriculture Department spokesman Terry McElroy defended his colleagues and said
progress is being made.

"Water quality is enormously important to us, and the fact is the water is
getting cleaner," McElroy says.

But political leaders in Lee County, which has a $2 billion tourist industry,
also have their doubts about whose interests the state is protecting. Last year,
they approved $30,000 to fund an independent study of red tide. Commissioner Ray
Judah said bluntly: "We don't have complete faith and confidence in the state."

That is because scientists employed by the state are contradicting what
sniffling locals say about larger and more toxic tides. One of the state's most
prominent researchers, Cindy Heil of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Institute in
St. Petersburg, says she is not convinced the tide is growing at all.

"We are getting better at finding them and studying them, but there's no
evidence that they are larger or of longer duration," Heil says.

As for connection to agricultural runoff, Heil says the "nutrients" do
theoretically feed the bloom, but there have been years when runoff was more
voluminous, and there was no increase in red tide.

"So, there are other factors," she says. "It's complicated."

Conflicting findings

Scientists at Mote Marine Laboratory in Sarasota also study the issue and say
they also can make no direct connection yet between the runoff and the bloom.

"We know coastal pollution is not a good thing," says Gary Kirkpatrick, senior
scientist. "We know it has contributed to red tide around the world. But we
can't say yet what is influencing the red tide here. You cannot simply confirm
the obvious."

But Larry Brand of the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and
Atmospheric Sciences says, "Yes you can."

Brand, one of the two scientists hired by Lee County last year, reviewed
red-tide studies done in the 1950s and more recent surveys. Red tide has
multiplied several times during the past 50 years, and no natural process caused
it, he says. There is a definite correlation between agricultural and
residential runoff and the growing red tide, he says.

"I found that the state was basically lying about its own data," Brand says.

Heil and Kirkpatrick both accuse Brand of using shoddy research methods, and
even some members of the Solutions to Avoid Red Tide group have their doubts.
But Brand's findings have fed skepticism about the state-supported research and
a demand for definitive answers.

Almost everyone, including entrepreneurs, scientists, political officials, says
the problem facing tourism in Southwest Florida is urgent, and although research
funding provided by the state has increased to $2 million a year, it isn't
enough.

"Two million thrown at this problem is very little compared to the money being
chased away," says restaurant owner Chiles. "We need more targeted funding.
People will simply start going someplace else rather than risk the red tide
here, and then what?"

john_lantigua@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (C & 3 B&W)
 1. (C) LARA MECKFESSEL/Sarasota Herald-Tribune Mote Marine employees recover a
manatee, killed by red tide, near Nokomis in March. The toxic bloom has killed
46 manatees this year. 2. (B&W) Ed Chiles (mug) 3. (B&W) Tamara Pigott (mug) 4.
(B&W) Gary Kirkpatrick (mug)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          FICCI's Financial Foresights

                                January 27, 2014

Priority Sector Lending & Inclusive Growth - Mr. Rajiv Sabharwal Executive
Director, ICICI Bank

LENGTH: 1437  words


The objective of Priority Sector Lending (PSL) is providing credit to the
underserved segment of population, which has got potential for growth but
strives to get access to organized flow of credit. A quote from Adam Smith is
apt illustration of the driver behind directed lending-"Money says the proverb,
makes money. When you have got little, it is often easy to get more. The great
difficulty is to get that little". In my mind, financial inclusion and priority
sector lending are closely interconnected and should go hand in hand.



Today, rural India is evolving rapidly and is changing character. It has
diversified from agriculture to manufacturing and service sectors. The share of
agriculture in rural GDP has reduced from 42% in 2001 to 27% in 2011*. Rural
India has the potential to be a sustainable growth engine of the economy. At the
same time, unlocking this potential requires investment in infrastructure across
the agricultural value chain.

The Bank has been actively investing to harness this growth potential. We have
increased our rural and semi urban branches by about 50% in the last 18 months
taking the proportion of these branches to over half of the Bank's network. We
have opened about 400 brick & mortar branches in unbanked villages. We have put
in place a comprehensive product suite covering the entire agricultural value
chain including loans to seed/input dealers, crop loans, loans for farm
equipment, agricultural term loans for irrigation and dairy and farmer warehouse
receipt finance. A team of 10,000 employees are dedicated to serving this
market.

The regulatory guidelines lay a strong emphasis on increasing credit flow to
rural and semi urban markets and small businesses. To emphasize the same,
several guidelines have been issued by the regulator from time to time to direct
flow of credit to the sector. These include prescription of PSL targets for
commercial banks and opening of atleast 25% of the total branches in the
unbanked areas. Another recent example of the same is extension of the interest
subvention scheme to the private sector banks that was earlier applicable only
to public sector banks. Such directives have and will consistently contribute
towards a growth in the priority sector lending. The total banking industry
advances to this sector have grown from v 0.45 trillion at March 1991 to about v
16 trillionatMarch2013. However, wefeel that to further propel this growth, PSL
guidelines should continue to evolve along with the market requirement. Few
recommendations can be considered in the current context to further increase the
flow of credit:

1. Agri value chain - ICICI Bank has always believed in financing the farmer
across the value chain. We offer solutions for financing input providers, crops,
farm mechanization, irrigation and funding for setting up of facilities for
processing of agricultural produce. Our experience shows that the farm sector
benefits significantly with a robust input delivery system and by value addition
to agricultural output.

Food processing industry is increasingly seen as a strong driver for rural
economy. In order to make a product reach the consumer or user, there often are
many processes or steps involved. At each stage, some additional transformation
or enhancement is made to the product. The "Amul" story is a classic example of
millions of small farmers benefiting from a well organized value chain with
appropriate backward and forward linkages.

However, the level of processing is currently low in India. For example, as per
a recent article of College of Agriculture Banking (CAB), 2.2% of the total
production of food and vegetables is processed in India, as compared to 65% in
the United States and China. Though India is a key producer of food products,
the productivity levels are among the lowest amongst the BRIC countries.
Further, only 2% of produce is stored in temperature controlled environment
which shows that there is a significant need for investment in processing
infrastructure. (Source: Journal of College of Agriculture Banking, RBI- Volume
38 Issue 3 (July-Sept, 2013) Thus, to ensure that entire agriculture value chain
gets adequate funding, agri processing should be made a part of direct
agriculture in the priority sector guidelines. With this, the bank credit which
is currently concentrated on specific areas would get evenly distributed across
the value chain and will facilitate development of market infrastructure such as
cold storage, grading facilities, processing units and quality certification.

2. Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) - MSEs across the country have high
employment potential and contribute significantly to total output, however, only
5 per cent of total 26 million MSEs units are covered by institutional finance
(Source: Report of Nair Committee on PSL). Presently, regulatory guidelines have
defined MSEs based on investment cap in plant & machinery in addition to the cap
on the size of the loan to specified sectors. To ensure adequate flow of credit
to the sector, it is required that cap on the loan size may be removed. It
should also be ensured that cap on plant and machinery is revised periodically
considering the changes in price index, cost of inputs and relevance in value
chain. The inclusion of lending to medium enterprises within a priority sector
on November 25, 2013 is a welcome change made by the regulator considering the
importance of the sector.

3. Lending to infrastructure sectors-

Absorption capacity of loans in rural areas depends on development of
infrastructure like irrigation, roads, power, dams and bridges. We have seen
that agricultural credit flow per unit of land is proportional to availability
of irrigation facilities in the particular geography.

I believe that in order to sustain the long term growth momentum, India needs
significant investment in the infrastructure sector for overall growth and
development of rural economy. A recent KPMG report cites the Planning commission
projection of infrastructure investment requirement in 12th Five year plan asv
40 trillion*. To ensure that the rural market achieves the required
infrastructural growth and development, infrastructure sector should be made
eligible for funding under priority sector lending.

4. Leveraging networks at the bottom of the pyramid- Micro Finance Institution
(MFI) and Self Help Promoting Institution (SHPI) based models have been playing
a major role in providing credit in various underserved locations and have
collectively reached out to millions of households. Banks should leverage these
networks to reach out to the needy. We believe that the ultimate rationale of
PSL is that the credit should reach the needy whatever may the channel of loan
disbursement. Thus, if the end use of the loan intermediated by such an
organisation is for agriculture, the same should be classified under direct
agriculture whatever may be the modus of loan disbursement by the bank, whether,
by on-lending or otherwise.

In conclusion, I would like to say that "Inclusive growth has to encompass all
segments of the population not only by income but also by where they live, be it
urban or rural India. The penetration of financial services and adequate flow of
the same in the underserved segment is an important pillar of inclusive growth."


Mr Rajiv Sabharwal is the Executive Director on the Board of ICICI Bank. He is
responsible for Retail Banking, Rural Banking and Financial Inclusion Business.
He is also a director on the board of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited. Mr Sabharwal joined ICICI Group in 1998 and has held leadership
positions in credit policy, debt management, business analytics, mortgage
finance, consumer loans, credit cards, rural and microfinance lending and
financial inclusion. His contribution in the growth of mortgage and retail
business is widely acknowledged in industry circles and within ICICI Group. He
also has considerable knowledge in securities and portfolio management segments
as he has been on the investment advisory committee of ICICI Prudential Asset
Management Company's Real Estate PMS since 2007.

Prior to joining ICICI Group, Mr Sabharwal worked in the Consumer Durables
Marketing, Commercial Finance and Retail Finance business at Godrej, SRF Finance
and GE Capital respectively. In January 2009 he joined Sequoia Capital, a
leading venture/growth capital company and worked as Operating Partner focussing
on the financial services sector.

Mr Sabharwal received an MBA from the India Institute of Management Lucknow, and
Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Delhi.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Report


                Copyright 2014 FICCI, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 26, 2004 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Water trading plan to save nation's rivers

BYLINE: Stephanie Peatling and Sean Nicholls

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 629 words


A national market allowing water to be traded as a commodity will be set up
after what is being hailed as a historic meeting between state and federal
leaders.

The signing of the National Water Initiative yesterday has secured $500 million
for the states to buy back water to sustain the beleaguered Murray-Darling river
system but it is only one-third of what scientists say is needed to restore it
to health.

Sydney was also put on notice that tougher water restrictions could begin in two
months, including mandatory low-flow showerheads.

As the city's dams fell to 47.9 per cent of capacity, the Utilities Minister,
Frank Sartor, said he would introduce whatever measures were necessary to secure
the water supply.

The Prime Minister, John Howard, said that yesterday was "a tremendous day for
the future security of water supply ... the terms of the agreement are
absolutely first class".

NSW, Victoria, South Australia and Queensland all signed the plan, guaranteeing
them access to $500 million which will compensate farmers and irrigators, whose
entitlements will be cut to allow an extra 500 gigalitres - the equivalent of
one Sydney Harbour - into the Murray-Darling.

Western Australia refused to sign, saying there was nothing in it for the state.
Tasmania's Premier, Paul Lennon, was unable to attend after the funeral of his
predecessor, Jim Bacon.

The trading rights system and a National Water Commission will be established to
oversee creation of the national water market. As well, city residents were
urged to consider alternative supplies such as recycled water and stormwater.

In anticipation of the plan, NSW rushed its own new water laws through
Parliament earlier this week. Irrigators and farmers will lose 3 per cent of
their entitlements over the next decade for environmental flows.

Although the state and federal leaders agreed to return over-allocated water
systems to sustainable levels by 2010, no detailed timetable was set.

The Premier, Bob Carr, said the challenge was to "save the stressed,
over-irrigated inland areas of this continent".

"We are now committed to a 10-year plan that sees a pouring back of
over-irrigation and the allocation of water for environmental purposes, all
within a just framework," he said.

The states will now each negotiate with the Federal Government for extra money
for other water-saving projects such as covering irrigation channels and
building pipelines.

The president of the National Farmers Federation, Peter Corish, said the deal
"paves the way for strong, sustainable agriculture".

"I am delighted that [the governments] have adopted our long-held policy that
the costs involved in reallocating water from agriculture and other uses to the
environment should be shared by everyone in the community," he said.

But the executive director of the Australian Conservation Foundation, Don Henry,
said the deal would merely compensate the Murray-Darling for the effects of
climate change. "If nothing else is done this won't be enough to save our
rivers."

While the plan was focused on regional and rural water entitlements, urban areas
were also urged to consider increasing the use of recycled water and stormwater
supplies.

Mr Sartor said measures such as the mandatory installation of low-flow
showerheads in 1.2 million Sydney homes were being considered for the next stage
of water restrictions.

Step pricing - under which people using more water pay a higher rate - is also
likely to be introduced next year as an incentive to use less.

More reports - Page 4

KEY POINTS

* New national market to trade water rights

* Farmers will own water, not just have access rights

* $500 million allocated over 10 years to lift Murray River flows

* Sydney faces toughter restrictions, including compulsory fitting of low-flow
showerheads.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 01, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Food Stamp Turnaround

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 477 words


REP. PAT Roberts (R-Kan.), the chairman of the House Agriculture Committee --
along with other Republicans from farming districts, including Bill Emerson of
Missouri and Steve Gunderson of Wisconsin -- has persuaded the Republican
leadership in the House to scrap a proposal in the "Contract With America" that
would have abolished food stamps and replaced them with a block grant to the
states. Mr. Roberts argued that as Washington reforms the welfare system, it
becomes crucial to have "a federal safety net to backstop that process." Mr.
Emerson noted that states are already likely to get a "full plate" of new
responsibilities under the most probable of the welfare reform scenarios and
that there was no need to pile food stamps on top of all of those.

It is true, of course, that some important political factors made this good deed
a whole lot easier than other good deeds: The food stamps program is popular
among the farmers who produce the food and among the grocers who sell it, making
it popular with the agriculture committees. This sort of coalition is not
usually in favor of programs to give direct assistance to the poor. But however
the decision was reached, there were substantive reasons to back it. Food stamps
assist not only welfare recipients but also many among the working poor. They
represent a rapid-response system to recessions; when the economy turns sour in
any given region, applications for stamps go up, and federal money flows in.
When the need passes, the flow of money abates. Turning stamps into a frozen or
shrunken block grant would have eliminated this flexibility. They are also
especially important in states with very low welfare payments.

Last week's announcement by Mr. Roberts leaves many questions open. The
Republicans still say they want to curb food stamp spending, which has gone up
from $ 15.5 billion in 1990 to $ 25 billion last year. Reforms to crack down on
fraud are certainly in order. The Clinton administration plans to announce its
own anti-fraud proposals today. They are designed to go after street trafficking
in stamps and to toughen eligibility requirements for stores participating in
the program to limit the trading of stamps for cash or for items other than
food. Cutting the program's cost by limiting eligibility will be much harder.
Congress has gone back and forth on this issue over the years, scaling back
eligibility in the early 1980s and then expanding it again more recently. Given
who actually gets stamps, any sharp new restrictions on the program would likely
come at the expense of either the destitute, who need the program badly, or the
working poor, who hardly ought to be a target at a time when creating incentives
for work is supposed to be a central goal of welfare reform. Mr. Roberts and his
colleagues should see the fight for the program through.

LOAD-DATE: March 01, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   September 23, 2004 Thursday, York Edition

Water district receives $1.25 million in federal aid

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS; News Briefs; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: ALFRED


The Alfred Water District has been selected to receive $1.25 million in federal
funding to correct its public water sources.

The funding is part of a nearly $80 million in loan and grant money to assist 38
rural communities in 25 states to make improvements to provide clean, safe
drinking water and sanitary wastewater disposal.

The money comes in the form of a water and waste disposal loan and grant from
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

Money will be used to improve water flow for users of the town's water supply
and to replace a 100-plus-year-old water storage tank that was causing health
issues due to high iron and manganese levels found in the water.

Funding for the projects is composed of $60.5 million in loans and $19.3 million
in grants and will be contingent upon meeting the conditions of the loan and
grant agreements. A complete list of the selected loan and grant recipients and
projects can be found at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rd/newsroom/news.htm.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday
                               Hyderabad Edition

Central panel to assess revenue loss in state due to cash crisis

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 305 words


Responding to chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao's report on the revenue loss
due to demonetisation of '500 and '1,000 notes, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on
Monday ordered two senior officers from Union human resources development (HRD)
ministry to assess the impact on different revenue generating sectors including
transport, excise, commercial taxes and real estate in the state.

The two-member committee will be led by additional se

cretary in HRD ministry Reddy Subramanyam. Deputy secretary Anamika Singh will

assist him in assessing the possible loss to Telangana and submit a report to
the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) by Dec 25.

The state received a severe jolt after the announcement of demonetisation as
collections from several key sectors including land registration, transport,
liquor and commercial tax recorded a steep fall. KCR in his meeting with Modi
pegged this loss to about Rs 1,200 croremonth and sought immediate financial
assistance for the state.

The central team will to ur rural and urban are as in at least 5 districts and
meet different trade and industrial bodies to identify the impact of
cancellation of '500 and '1,000 notes. They will also meet farmers, market
committees, cooperative bodies to quantify the loss to agriculture sector. The
committee will meet the CM and finance minister Etela Rajender after completing
their tour. They will also meet bankers and RBI representatives in the state to
figure out the bottlenecks in the cash flow.

\x93They will review the cash flow from banks and ATMs across the state as most
of the complaints are against banks for failing to dispense money . The state is
gearing up to submit another report to the committee with details of revenue
loss incurred by households, daily wagers, agriculture labour, small vendors and
transporters,\x93 an official said.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

'Corporate debt market in the offing'

LENGTH: 1541  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan
(SECP) are finalising modalities to launch the long-awaited corporate debt
market in the country. "I have started with the chairman SECP in a weekly
meeting of Coordination Committee where we have been able to work on the
launching of the corporate debt market so to develop corporate debt market,"
said Governor SBP Yasin Anwar in an exclusive interview with Profit. The
complete interview will be published in Monday's issue of Pakistan Today. "You
have the ICI, Glaxo and others to tap the market themselves as opposed to going
to the banks, which have captive audience. They can charge this KIBOR plus or
whatever it is," SBP Governor further explained the corporate debt plan.

The investor from corporate sector would be able to go to the market themselves
and fund their own portfolios. They don't need to depend on banks anymore," SBP
Governor added. Once it happens, these banks would have to find new products and
would go to SMEs that would automatically generate and increase economic
activity thus growth in the country, he said. The banks' extra liquidity would
then be directed to the agriculture and house financing sectors, he said, adding
the country's legal system and the laws pertaining to financing sector had also
got problems. And within next one or two years the corporate debt market and
legal process were going to get into conversion of this areas into more robust
lending ensuring the realisation of the engine of growth for this country.
Anwar, an optimist who sees the glass half full, views housing finance, Small
and Medium Enterprises and agriculture as the three pillars of engine of growth
in Pakistan. Terming the "documentation and technology" as two prerequisites for
the SME lending, the governor said agriculture in Pakistan, representing 45 per
cent of the work force and 21 per cent of GDP, has a huge untapped potential.
About house finance, he illustrated that the outstanding loans to housing
finance in Pakistan stood at only one per cent of the GDP compared to 65-70 per
cent and 110 per cent, respectively, in the US and the UK. Reasons being the
fixed income market does not exist in Pakistan to provide that 25 to 30-year
money.

EXAGGERATING LAW AND ORDER IN PAKISTAN

"We have a difficult environment as it is in the world media where the media
projects us as a nation that is fraught with a terror and law and order crisis,
but that's an exaggeration. We know that the foreign media is elevating this to
a level which is unjustifiable," he said. SBP Governor said life was very normal
in Pakistan except some urban centers or the north-western parts of the country
that were plagued and pockets of disturbances were there, which was a common
phenomenon in many urban cities around the world. So it's not alien and the
business environment has huge potential, the banking sector is very resilient we
are not faced with the crisis that is being faced by many other countries around
the world and that is because of a sound banking supervision, he said.

PRESENT STATE OF ECONOMY

"I see going forward in terms of the dark clouds and the silver linings that we
have in these dark clouds also. I am an optimist and see the glass half full,
and that's the only way I feel we should go forward to build bridges and cover
up those potholes or those bumps that we see on the road ahead," he further
explained. Now currently we have GDP at 3.8 per cent which is considerably
better than what it was 2.4 per cent last year and naturally it is not as high
as we would like to see, but we headed in the right direction, Yaseen Anwar
said. He said: "As far as our concerns or the challenges we have, is that we
have a current account deficit that is a concern and I am not comfortable with
it. We had a surprisingly small current account surplus last year that was
because of fortunately very good prices of cotton which have picked up our
exports but what it has dropped very quickly because the prices of cotton
declined much faster than anybody had expected. We were not expecting it to get
to this level so quickly, naturally, what does that do is to create an impact on
our balance of payments, our reserves because that shortfall has to be met
somewhere." If you don't get the inflows in, so that is where my second concern
is. The inflows that we expect must be realized in order to reach our targets by
the end of the year. We still have five-six months left so and I don't want to
predict that we will or will not reach it, that is challenging and the targets
and those inflows are relating to Coalition Support Fund (CSF), 3G license to
PTCL and of course the remittances and the latter one has been very steady as
you know we have averaged to get about a billion dollars a month. During first
half it's little over $6 billion marking an 18 per cent increase during six
months, July-December FY2012. That has been very healthy.

MYSTERY OF THE INCREASING REMITTANCES

And some people talk about a mystery. They wonder why the remittances have been
going up over last three years. So I said this before and I said this in front
of Finance Committee when I was asked. If anybody was in international banking
and know international money transfer business then this word mystery would
never be used as that means it's not understood. Very simple, in January 2008
there were two exchange companies that were shut down [Zarco and K&K (Khanani
and Kalia)] if we assume that the pool of both formal and informal flows of
remittances amount to, let's say hypothetically I am just choosing the number,
$20 to $25 billion. At that time we had inflows of $67 billion so by logic the
rest of it would be informal sector right. On January 1, I issued a circular to
all the exchange companies and banks that any exchange company that is operating
with its counter party in overseas that counter party must be regulated by the
local regulatory body or agency like State Bank or its counterpart over there in
England, UAE etc. That was a major restriction or condition that we put on.
Thirdly, we launched what called the Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS); a
software program that in fact I was asked to set it up as I had an experience of
the US payment systems so it is something that I had to get an approval from
Islamabad. Deeming the payment business a very important segment of an economy,
we launched RTGS that allows us to transfer a $100 from New York to Muzaffarabad
in a matter of few minutes to the beneficiary's account. So the launch if this
allowed the smooth flow and efficient transfer which could compete effectively
the quick transfer of hawala or the informal trade business. So now the
beneficiary's account gets the money quickly. Fourthly, I instructed my
inspectors to elevate their inspection of the exchange companies to make sure
that the compliances are being followed. The combination of these steps what it
did is very simple forced an undisciplined environment into a more disciplined
flow of the moneys coming from both the informal and formal channels. That's why
it's now $12 billion target and we would meet it I think. Plus we also have
created incentive mechanism that encourages those money changers abroad to send
it through formal channels, so we give rebate under the incentive formula. So
that is where we get $12 billion out of that 20 billion it means the pool may be
the same for argument's sake.

UNCERTAIN FLOW OF FOREIGN FINANCING

On uncertainties on CSF and 3G license, I don't want to say for sure that these
will or will not come in on the CSF and others the federal government is
optimistic and I have to support that optimism but at the same time one has to
be realistic as well. Given the current environment I am a conservative banker
so you have to hedge and supposing you do a sensitively analysis you go through
the worst case scenario to be prepared so you have to ratchet up another side of
the equation to make sure you try and balance that fiscal deficit.

THREE MAJOR ECONOMIC CHALLENGES

Three major challenges we have, one, is the revenue side that is a key, secondly
it's the balance of payments, and third private sector credit. The fiscal
revenue target is Rs1952 billion, attached to GDP ratio of nine per cent we need
to be somewhere up north of that. Our expenditures are still naturally going up
with the revenue side needs to go up expediential higher than what it has been.
Now if the inflows don't come in, let's say hypothetically, by 50 per cent say
only $400 million come of the $800 million from the Coalition Support, we have
got payments of the IMF $1.2 or $ 1.3 billion has to go out during this second
half keep in mind it is not next month, people keep saying its next month it is
in second sometime, I believe, in April or May. "But we have already budgeted
that in our calculations, so we don't see an impact of that as far as our
forecast is concerned for fiscal deficit and the current account position," As
far as other inflows are concerned, if they don't come in at the levels that
were talking about the yes we will be hit on our reserves position," The
governor, however, refrained from giving a number indicating towards the level
of fiscal imbalances.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Ukiah Daily Journal (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

Applications abound for water project funds

BYLINE: Zack Cinek, The Ukiah Daily Journal, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


Aug. 19--A new agricultural grant of $5.7 million to help farmers along the
Russian River improve their water infrastructure has more applications than it
can fund this fiscal year.

The grant money will go to growers along the Russian River and other locations
in Napa and Sonoma counties to help develop agricultural water systems like
storage ponds.

"It could be very good because it would allow us all not to pump at the same
time, which should be very helpful to the fish," Glenn McGourty of the Farm
Advisor's Office said. "We can break it up and schedule it more or less around
the clock so we do not have issues of dewatering the river, which is potentially
what the big concern is in a low-flow-year."

Carol Mandel of the USDA NRC's Ukiah office said she has received about 12
applications from farmers in the county.

"At this point we have more applications than we will be able to fund this
year," Mandel said.

Money from the grant covers 50 percent of projects such as building ponds. Devon
Jones, director of the Mendocino County Farm Bureau, said getting the grant
money is a competitive process.

"Every application is not going to get money," Jones said.

The aim of the grant is to improve water infrastructure, said Laurel Marcus of
the California Land Stewardship Institute, who wrote the grant.

Although wine grape growers have needs outlined in the grant, the grant is not
specifically for wine grapes. Mandel said showing a significant water savings
with money

spent is a top consideration.

"What kind of water sources do we have besides diverting directly from our
streams," Mandel said.

The grant money can be used to cover 50 percent of building a new pond, new
water meters, or the water line to a new pond, for example.

"This money can be used for minor projects like installing new water systems,"
Jones said. New valves can cost several thousand dollars, she said.

Earlier in the year, calculations from the Sonoma County Water Agency predicted
that Lake Mendocino would be virtually dry during the summer as lake levels were
low in early 2009 compared to more than 53,000 acre feet Tuesday.

But Lake Mendocino, the head of the Russian River, comes out looking like a lake
this summer. Russian River Flood Control District and the Sonoma County Water
Agency requested a regulatory change to lower flows in the Russian River to keep
more water in the lake.

"Hopefully it has been a problem associated with drought we have had this year,
and things will be more normal in the future," McGourty said.

CONTACT

Carol Mandel

USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service

Ukiah

468-9223 ext. 115

Zack Cinek can be reached at udjzc@pacific.net or 468-3521.

To see more of The Ukiah Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ukiahdailyjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Ukiah Daily Journal,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090819-UJ-Applications-abound-for-water-project-funds-0819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UJ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 28, 2005 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Farmers reap a fair crop from government tax breaks;
AGRIBUSINESS

BYLINE: Stuart Mackenzie

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 881 words


Agriculture can be an uncertain industry, but the taxation system aims to smooth
the furrows Stuart Mackenzie.

Drought is just one variable - along with commodity prices, foreign exchange
rates and fuel prices - that can cause a farmer's income to fluctuate from year
to year.

Recognising the uncertainties facing people on the land, the federal government
offers two tax breaks specific to primary producers: income averaging and farm
management deposits.

Income averaging lets farmers avoid paying higher rates of income tax in good
years, and instead average their income over five years and lower their overall
tax bill.

Only income from primary production qualifies for income averaging and the tally
cannot include off-farm income.

FMDs incentivise primary producers to put money aside in good years and give
farmers a tax benefit by deferring income tax payments on the funds put into an
FMD.

The full amount of an FMD is deducted from a farmer's primary production income
in the year in which the deposit is made.

Only authorised deposit takers - banks, building societies and credit unions -
are allowed to offer FMDs and they pay rates of interest similar to those
offered on business term deposits.

While tax is payable on the interest earned, the principal amount is taxed in
the year in which it is withdrawn.

"Since their release in 1999, FMDs have allowed farmers to better manage the ups
and downs of their business, smoothing out the cash flow variances that commonly
occur with agriculture," says Mike Carroll, agribusiness general manager at
National Australia Bank.

"Farm management deposits play an important role as part of an overall risk
management strategy for Australian farmers."

Farmers from across Australia have really taken to FMDs. At the end of March,
39,222 farmers held $2.2 billion in FMDs and it is estimated that the income tax
deferred in the 2003-04 tax year alone was $180 million.

Since a massive leap in deposits in the June 2002 quarter, when they doubled
from $1 billion to $2 billion, the inflows and outflows have settled into a
seasonal pattern.

"The highest proportion of deposits is generally made in June, while the
majority of withdrawals occur during September typically a high expense period
for winter cereal growers," NAB's Carroll notes.

FMDs make money for the banks, too. As competitive pressures squeeze their
lending margins, banks are focusing on acquiring customer deposits rather than
the more expensive option of borrowing in the interbank markets.

Conditions attached to FMDs make them even more attractive for banks than
regular term deposits.

First, they must remain in place for at least 12 months to qualify for the tax
benefits, and second, farmers must hold all of their FMDs with the same
authorised deposit taker. This makes it almost impossible for farmers to shop
around for the most competitive rate, particularly if they have several deposits
maturing on different dates.

In theory, the FMD concept is simple. The tax deferred when the deposit is made,
is paid when the money is later withdrawn.

While there has been a seasonal pattern of deposits and withdrawals since 2002,
there has been a core of deposits of around $2 billion for the past three years.

One explanation for this may be that drought-affected farmers have yet to
withdraw their emergency funds to plant crops or re-stock. If this is the case,
total deposits might be expected to fall later this year as farmers capitalise
on recent rainfall in some parts of the eastern states. Either way, the decision
to deposit funds into an FMD, and the decision to withdraw the funds for
reinvestment on the farm, are two separate financial determinations.

The source of finance for a new crop or livestock should be governed by where
the funds can obtained at the lowest cost.

If a farmer expects to have taxable income in the future, it will usually be
cheaper to borrow money from the bank, leaving the FMD untouched and paying the
difference between the loan interest and the deposit interest, than withdraw the
FMD and have to pay the deferred tax on the principal.

Graham Peart, an agricultural consultant with Dubbo-based McDonald, Porter,
Hassall & Co. says it may only make sense to use an FMD to finance a crop if
previous years' crop failures have lowered a farmer's average income, or where
there is no choice because there is no equity in the farm.

"Some of my clients have virtually no equity left after four successive crop
failures," he says.

Since it is presumably the more successful farmers who have the cash flow to
invest in FMDs in the first place, there may be little incentive for them to
withdraw those funds for reinvestment in the farm and get hit for the deferred
tax.

If the overall amount of FMDs continues to climb, the benefit to the farmers and
the cost to other taxpayers may become permanent, and not a deferral as
originally conceived.

CASH CROPS

· The tax system encourages farmers to stow away savings for the future and
helps to smooth out their yearly tax bills.

· Income averaging lets farmers average their income over five years and lower
their overall tax.

· Farm management deposits incentivise primary producers to put money aside in
good years and give farmers a tax benefit by deferring income tax on the funds
deposited into an FMD.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: SOFTENING THE TAX BURDEN Farm management deposits 99 to 05.
Source: Dept of Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 30, 1998, Monday

Russia mixing apples, oranges from US growers

SECTION: COMMODITIES/CHEMICALS/ENERGY; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 623 words


BY JOHN HELMER

JOURNAL OF COMMERCE SPECIAL

@qMOSCOW @6 It's spring, and in the citrus orchards of Florida the air is filled
with the smell of ripe fruit and money.

But in European Russia, where winter snow lies in deep drifts on the ground,
oranges from Greece - the dominant supplier in the Russian market - are losing
their sweetness.

That's an opportunity for U.S. citrus growers, especially in Florida, according
to United States Department of Agriculture officials in Moscow.

The USDA says that from 1993, when American orange and apple exports combined
earned only $1.4 million, export volume has risen elevenfold. Last year, the
total was $15.6 million, roughly balanced between apples and oranges.

On Russia's orange import ladder, that ranks ninth or 10th, well behind Greece,
Turkey, Spain, The Netherlands, Cyprus, Egypt, Morocco, and South Africa.

A USDA official in Moscow says that rising demand for premium quality citrus
creates an opening in the market.

""Up to now, most of the (sales) effort went into the Russian Far East,'' he
concedes.

""But now we are starting to see a flow into European Russia at a higher rate.''

Active promotion of U.S. citrus sales by on-the-ground trade promotion offices,
like the Washington Apple Council's office in Vladivostok, would enhance that
flow, he adds.

EATING A LOT OF ORANGES

Russians have been consuming about 300,000 tons of oranges a year.

But consumption accelerated last year, when 740,000 tons were imported. This
generated a trade worth about $410 million annually.

A study by Moscow's Institute for Research of Organized Markets (Inior)
indicates that Greek oranges led all others in sales, with a market share of 40
percent. That was worth $164 million.

But for the low-priced exporters of Greece, the arithmetic of the Russian market
is cause for concern because their market share is slipping.

According to Inior, Greek oranges held 49 percent of the Russian market in 1994.

If it wasn't for the overall growth of demand, pushing up dollar sales, the
troubling trend for Greek growers would be more visible.

""The problem,'' says Marios Shacolas, ""is with quality and image. Greek
packers don't pack the fruit properly. They arrive bruised, and they have a very
short shelf life. Greek quality is closer to Turkey than to Cyprus.''

CYPRIOT ORANGES COST MORE

Mr. Shacolas is a young Cypriot. He heads Nesco, the Russian affiliate of the
N.K. Shacolas Group of Nicosia, Cyprus. His company is the largest Cypriot firm
doing business in Russia, and one of Cyprus's largest trading groups.

""The difference between (Cypriot and Greek oranges) is visible in the market,''
he said. ""Cyprus oranges command a premium of 20 percent to 25 percent more in
price than Greek.''

Inior's import statistics confirm that Cyprus oranges are gaining favor at
Greece's expense.

Its sales were just 1 percent in 1994, but 6 percent in 1997, and are likely to
take a bigger share this year.

A BETTER CLASS OF FRUIT

Georgy Persianov, Nesco's fruit-trade expert in Moscow, says the image among
Russian consumers of Cuban oranges is also quite negative.

""The Cuban fruit had thick skins,'' he recalls.

By contrast, Florida oranges are considered much higher in quality, he notes.

But few Moscow and St. Petersburg consumers have tried them.

Currently, Russia has about 800 wholesale companies trading fruit; as many as
200 of these trade in citrus.

Oranges, which can't be grown in Russia, make up roughly one-fifth of the fruit
imports.

The relatively short season for orange imports, between December and May, pushes
traders to buy large volumes of low-quality fruit to sell swiftly at the
cheapest possible price.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 6, 2000 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Farm aid tops $1 billion Most federal help to Nebraska ag since 1980s crisis

BYLINE: ART HOVEY Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 572 words


For a second consecutive year Nebraska farmers are on pace to harvest more than
$1 billion in federal help from taxpayers.

A wave of assistance built on slumping grain prices, income safeguards of farm
policy, and emergency help from Congress produced $1.03 billion in federal
checks over a 12-month period that ended in June 1999. In the six months since
then, the state's farmers have qualified for $829 million more.

On a calendar-year basis the esti mated $1.27 billion reaching farmers' mail
boxes in Nebraska in 1999 marks the first time the $1 billion level has been
reached since 1988, the tail end of the 1980s farm crisis.

"They're just looking for a way to find a profit," Mark Bowen, executive
director of the Farm Service Agency in Lincoln, said of payment recipients.
"There is no profit in agriculture right now."

Bowen uses the same summer-tosummer timetable that farmers use to grow and
market crops to measure the annual flow of federal farm money. His calculations
point to back-to-back, billion-dollar years from June to June for farmers and
the people running county-level Farm Service Agency offices.

Just since last summer the state's grain producers have qualified for $382
million in loan deficiency payments because prices for corn, soybeans and other
popular crops have fallen short of minimum federal standards. They got $388
million more in market-loss payments in October, thanks to the latest efforts of
Congress to compensate for stagnant exports and bin-bursting, worldwide grain
production.

"We've improved the cash flow quite a lot," Bowen said, "but it's the federal
programs that are shoring up that cash flow. It's not the market that's helping
the cash flow."

Bryce Neidig, president of the Nebraska Farm Bureau Federation, said things
could be worse in terms of relying on various forms of government support of
agricultural income. In the 1980s more than half of net farm income came from
that source.

"In the first place I'd say it's a good thing it's there," Neidig said as the
1990s come to an end. "Imagine where we would be without that type of
assistance."

But John Hansen of the Nebraska Farmers Union said federal help doesn't cancel
out a dramatic price decline. And, he says, income from the market, in addition
to the additional taxpayer support, don't give an average farm family enough
earned income to pay the bills and feed the family.

Hansen sees much of the problem as a so-called "Freedom to Farm" approach to
federal farm policy. That approach, adopted in 1996, eliminated government
management of grain supplies and production controls on farmers.

"No other major industry has no mechanism for bringing production into alignment
with utilization," Hansen said.

Car manufacturers, for example, often cut back production voluntarily when the
market is glutted. But a voluntary system doesn't work when there are millions
of producers.

Shortcomings of the farming system could cost taxpayers as much as $20 billion
this year.

"We are very fortunate that the overall economy is doing well and that the
federal budget is under control and that it is balanced," Hansen said. "If we
were trying to drag $20 billion out of Congress five years ago, we'd be toast."

Neidig, however, doesn't want production strings on private enterprise, no
matter how serious this agricultural downturn becomes. It's important "that
we're not relying on turning agriculture into some sort of public utility," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: color bar graph showing 1991 to 1999 farm payments in Nebraska, Source:
Nebraska Agricultural Statitics Service. D. Matt Van Driest/Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                    The Stanthorpe Border Post (Queensland)

                               September 17, 2015

Irrigators set to gain

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 478  words



HIGHLIGHT: Orchardist says growers would be "~crazy' not to apply for grant
money


Traprock stone fruit orchardist Angus Ferrier plans to make the most of the
State Government's next round of "free infrastructure".

Expressions of interest are now open to Granite Belt irrigators interested in
individual grants of $10,000 aimed at improving on-farm water productivity.

Angus, and his parents Dinie and Duncan from Rosemary Hill, who were successful
in the first round of funding, used the $10,000 to conduct an irrigation
efficiency audit and duplicated their rising water main as an efficiency driver
to reduce friction loss.

The work resulted in a 30% diesel saving for the family operation.

Growers such as the Ferriers, who were successful in round one funding, are
eligible for the second round, which opens for submissions on October 1.

If successful, Mr Ferrier intends to use the grant money to install moisture
monitors in his orchard.

"I already have a moisture monitoring system, but the technology is old, and
data retrieval is labour intensive" he said.

"With a new wireless system I will have access to constant updates allowing me
to track how much moisture I'm using in real time."

Mr Ferrier said growers would be "crazy" not to grab the offer with both hands
"and run" while it was on the table.

"It's a grant that will save you money," he said.

"It's not a co-investment, it's a grant - the government is willing to give you
$10,000 to implement systems that will save you even more money."

Department of Agriculture and Fisheries (DAF) senior research development
officer Dr Simon White said that through the Murray-Darling Basin Regional
Economic Development Program (MDBREDP), $2.2million was being invested in this
project to boost economic productivity from irrigated agriculture.

"Over the life of this project, $1million in grant funding will be made
available to irrigators to improve their measurement and management of their
water assets," Dr White said.

"The greater the ability for farmers to accurately measure each component of
their irrigation systems, storage, distribution and in-field application, the
greater their ability is to evaluate performance and work towards improvements
in on-farm water productivity."

Dr White said grant funding totalling $300,000 ($10,000 per irrigator) had been
provided to irrigators through the first round of funding, which closed June 30.

"With the first round of funding, approved irrigators were able to purchase and
be reimbursed for a range of pre-approved items such as storage and flow meters,
professional evaluation and storage assessment services," he said.

Irrigators interested in applying are encouraged to register their contact
details now by emailing moreprofitperdrop@daf.qld .gov.au or phoning 132523.

Applications for the round two funding will close on March 31, 2016, or sooner
if all available funding has been

allocated.

For more, visit www.moreprofitperdrop .com.au.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSB


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            March 9, 2005 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

GOOD TROUT STREAMS WILL COST MONEY

BYLINE: Bill Pielsticker

SECTION: OPINION; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 573 words


A recent fish kill on the Upper Sugar River highlights why it is important to
make a full court press on the issue of increased funding to combat agricultural
runoff.

Wisconsin Trout Unlimited supports the governor's request for an additional $2
million for cost share and county personnel to help implement the polluted
runoff program on the ground. Even with the additional funds, the proposed
budget falls far short of fully funding the program.

Most Wisconsin trout streams flow through farm fields. Many of these fields
receive annual loads of manure as a source of nutrients. In recent years, many
livestock producers and dairy operators have converted their manure handling
from daily hauling of fresh manure to storing it for months at a time, then
spreading it on fields as a liquid before or after the planting season.

Traditional "solid" manure may be spread on frozen ground with little likelihood
that large volumes will flow off the field. That isn't the case with the liquid
variety. In the recent incident, frozen soil on steep slopes combined with warm
temperatures to move large volumes of manure over a mile into the stream and
killing hundreds of trout. Under current rules, the manure spreading may have
been ill-advised but it was not illegal.

Following an incident like this, or last summer's fish kill on Willow Creek in
Richland County, it is all too easy to blame the farmer. In fact, in both cases
the farmer is known to care about the stream. For example, the landowner
involved in the Sugar River incident was constructing trout habitat structures
for a stream project last summer.

So if the farmer isn't to blame, who or what is? Following the fish kill on the
Willow, Department of Agriculture, Trade, and Consumer Protection Secretary Rod
Nilsestuen noted that "if this is the result of standard operating procedures,
we have a problem." Indeed, the problem appears to be that to have modern animal
agriculture in this state and healthy streams, we need to change some standard
operating procedures.

What will this take? It may require new regulations, such as banning winter
spreading of liquid manure, or requiring liquid manure to be injected or
incorporated within 24 or 48 hours. However, such a change will be expensive for
producers to implement, and will require use of scarce federal and state
dollars. At the same time, this would only address the most acute symptoms of a
larger problem -- polluted runoff.

We already have a program to address polluted runoff. This is the set of rules
adopted three years ago, following years of contentious hearings and posturing
and compromise. The rules are among the best in the country, but they can't
accomplish much without enough cost-share funding to enable producers to address
the source of the problem. This is why we support the governor's proposal to
increase funding for controlling agricultural runoff.

It is time for the DNR, DATCP, agricultural producers, anglers and other stream
users to get together and find some solutions to the issue of acute stream
pollution from animal manure.

Meanwhile, at a minimum the Legislature should approve the governor's request
for more money to address the runoff from winter snowmelt and summer storms that
continues to degrade the water quality of streams throughout the state. With
these two steps, we may be able to see a future where farms and streams can
share the landscape to the benefit of all our citizens.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Pielsticker, Lodi, is chairman of the Wisconsin State Council of Trout
Unlimited.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 9, 2011 Friday

Studies pin river troubles on farm drainage

BYLINE: By TIM KROHN The Free Press of Mankato

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 1688 words


MANKATO, Minn. Seth Greenwood has watched parts of Seven Mile Creek County Park
between Mankato and St.

Peter disappear.

" The Minnesota River is eating the bank away," said the Nicollet County public
works director. "It's really bad on that bend on the river. Five to 15 feet of
bank has gone just this year."

Much of that sediment will likely end up in the Mississippi River and settle to
the bottom of Lake Pepin.

While intense efforts to improve the Minnesota River have gone on for 20 years,
now there is a major convergence of better data and mounting political pressure
that is bringing to a head problems of suspended solids in the river.

The issue is creating growing friction between farmers and environmentalists and
residents on Lake Pepin who are suffering from the Minnesota's pollution.

The millions of tons of sediment getting into the river is emerging as the
keystone issue facing the river basin. The impacts on the Mississippi, Lake
Pepin and the river basin's contribution to the Gulf "dead zone" are sweeping
and the potential solutions expensive, controversial and complicated,
considering the Minnesota watershed covers 16,000 square miles.

Decades of scientific research bolstered by new techniques such as using
radioactive isotopes to trace where dirt particles originated offer a few major
findings:

The amount of sediment getting into the river has increased dramatically tenfold
its natural rate by some estimates.

Two-thirds or more of the river's sediment load comes from eroding streambanks
and bluffs.

Compared to the past, there is much more water flowing into the river more
quickly. Part of that comes from more frequent and heavy rains. But more and
more, researchers are convinced the high, fast waters tearing into streambanks
are largely the result of extensive farm drainage that has changed the hydrology
of the landscape.

The more powerful flows are altering the river.

The Minnesota River from Mankato to St. Paul has widened by 50 percent since
1938. The scene along Seven Mile Creek County Park is playing out all along the
lower half of the Minnesota River.

Farm groups have begun a more aggressive campaign to counter the image of
drainage as the primary foe, pointing to research that high bluff erosion and
bank erosion are coming from more precipitation.

But researchers increasingly say otherwise.

" We don't know absolutely everything," said Norman Senjem, who recently retired
from the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency after many years of overseeing river
research. "But post-World War II to about 1980 is when we see the biggest uptick
in sediment, the biggest uptick in Lake Pepin filling in. It's the time of
increased mechanization in agriculture.

"Precipitation plays a role, but primarily it's landscape changes."

Shannon Fisher, who heads the Water Resources Center based at Minnesota State
University and is director of the multi- county Minnesota River Board, said he's
seen enough credible research to believe farm drainage is a major factor.

"In my opinion, the drainage we're doing is having an impact on the hydrology
and we're going to have to address it. Water storage (on the landscape) is going
to be very important, and it's hard to sell to people as we put more tile in the
ground."

The latest study to peg farm drainage as the culprit was recently released by
scientists at the St. Croix Watershed Research Station and the University of
Minnesota. The research included examination of 70 years' worth of records on
rainfall, flow and land use changes along the 21 tributaries to the Minnesota
River.

Shawn Schottler, one of the scientists who worked on the research, said everyone
agrees streambank and bluff erosion are putting a majority of sediment in the
river. Their latest study looked at how much of that could be tied to increased
precipitation.

"Of course the (river) flow goes up when it rains more. Precipitation has gone
up about 8 percent since 1940. Has flow gone up proportionally with that? No,
it's gone up more than that." And Schottler said climatology records show
precipitation has not increased in May and June in southern Minnesota, months
that river levels are often highest.

Schottler said erosion of riverbanks and widening of the channel are natural
occurrences on any river, but it's been greatly accelerated on the Minnesota.
And while much of the sediment that erodes into rivers under normal conditions
settles somewhere in the same river, sediment in the Minnesota is flowing out
into the Mississippi at a higher rate.

"If you go to non-ag watersheds, there is still erosion but no increase in
sediment leaving the river."

Fisher worries that limited funding to help improve the river may be targeted to
a tiny portion of the problem.

There are two things involved in looking at suspended solids in the river: the
physical sediment (dirt) and the biological. The biological side includes things
such as algae blooms created by excess phosphorus in the river.

Much of the focus has been on reducing phosphorus, which comes from fertilizers
and city wastewater treatment plants. With treatment plants having been upgraded
all along the river including in Mankato and St. Peter that source of phosphorus
has been significantly reduced.

Still, Fisher said, much of the funding is being aimed at further improving Twin
Cities metro area wastewater treatment and storm water storage.

" The MPCA studies are calling for 1 percent of the problem to be fixed in the
metro area for $850 million.

I struggle with spending that to fix 1 percent of the problem," Fisher said.

"I understand they want everyone to do their part.

Politically, (farm) producers say urban areas need to do their part. I
understand that."

Fisher said he'd rather see metro-area cities and the state put some funding
into upgrading municipal systems, but put a majority of the money into projects
that reduce sediment loading and erosion along the river valley. One way to do
that is to create systems that store water so it can be released more slowly
into the rivers.

A project near Mapleton, for example, creates an overflow basin alongside
drainage ditches. Other projects use farm tile drainage systems that, through a
series of smaller tiles or mechanical gates, slow the rate of water draining
from fields.

The mechanical tile systems are, however, more expensive to install and maintain
and don't work well on sloped farm fields.

The storage basins along ditches take crop land out of production.

Anything taking land out of row- crop production runs up against skyrocketing
farmland prices. In fact, the amount of land in grass and vegetation is likely
to lessen in coming years as it is pulled out of the Conservation Reserve
Program. CRP pays landowners to keep environmentally sensitive land out of
production for a set number of years.

Statewide, about 128,000 acres of CRP contracts will soon expire, while only
about 33,000 acres were enrolled during the recent spring sign-up period.

In the next three years, more than 550,000 acres of CRP are scheduled to expire.

Conservationists believe much of that land won't be re- enrolled in the program
because of high farmland and crop prices.

Another partial solution, which does not take farmland out of production, is to
shore up steep bluffs to slow erosion. On the Le Sueur River, crews are using a
mixture of trees, sand and dirt to weave a protective barrier over the surface
of steep bluffs and river banks. It's similar to the traditional stone rip-rap
but costs about three-fourths less.

Fisher would like to see more focus on similar projects in the Le Sueur and Blue
Earth river basins both of which contribute mightily to the sediment in the
river.

"For less money we could target some higher-priority areas more intensely. We
know, bluff by bluff, where the problems are. If we want to make an impact, why
not take big chunks of money and hit those areas hard?"

Dennis Frederickson, a former Republican state senator from New Ulm who is now
the Department of Natural Resources director of southern Minnesota, is known for
his support of the river and keen ability as a conservative senator to get
environmental projects approved in the Legislature.

"Certainly drainage off the landscape, from fields and other lands, is a
contributor to some of that impairment," Frederickson said.

"Agriculture is a huge economic factor in the Minnesota River watershed and the
state, so what we do needs to make economic sense for the farmers and make sense
for the river."

Frederickson said everyone needs to focus on solutions that can make a
difference rather than spending too much time arguing about fault.

"It's important not to square off in issue groups or stakeholder groups one
against the other. Every segment in society contributes to the impairment of the
river. We need to spend our time and money determining how to improve those
impairments instead of arguing about where the faults are."

Frederickson said dealing with issues related to agriculture may be thorny but
not impossible.

" We've dealt with issues with herbicide and pesticide and genetics over the
years.

Let's use that same creativity to find how we can farm and raise the abundant
crops we do without impairing the waters."

While agriculture is a powerful economic and lobbying force, pressure from urban
policymakers and those around Lake Pepin are increasingly calling for more
regulation of agriculture drainage.

" The question from urban residents is, why do we need to control anything more
than an inch of rain off our landscape when the rural areas don't have to?"
Fisher said.

" We have an urbanized Legislature that is pushing this more and more. The
discussion is will there ever be a requirement for more water storage on the
landscape. It would be huge amounts of land taken out of production," Fisher
said.

"It's a fair question, but there are no easy answers."

"We don't know absolutely everything. But post-World War II to about 1980 is
when we see the biggest uptick in sediment, the biggest uptick in Lake Pepin
filling in. It's the time of increased mechanization in agriculture.


Information from: The Free Press, http://www.mankatofreepress.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Red River Basin water-retention projects seeking federal funds

BYLINE: By Archie Ingersoll Forum News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; Minnesota-Twin Cities; National; State

LENGTH: 417 words


FARGO -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture has designated the Red River Basin
as a region with dire conservation needs, which means local efforts to mitigate
floods through water retention are eligible this year for a share of $400
million in federal money.

The Red River Retention Authority, a partnership of water management districts
in North Dakota and Minnesota, plans to apply for these funds by July to support
its work of securing land and building impoundments to temporarily hold back
floodwater, said Pat Downs, the authority's executive director.

"The landowners will be fairly compensated for any land of theirs that would be
used," Downs said.

The authority's goal is to reduce the severe flood flows on the Red River by 20
percent. To achieve that, retention projects in the basin need to hold 1.5
million acres of water that's 1 foot deep. So far, the authority has 200,000
acre-feet of capacity and needs 1.3 million more, Downs said.

The main purpose of the retention projects is to ease flooding in rural areas,
but there's the added benefit of lowering the water levels in cities along the
Red River, Downs said.

"You're going to store water during peak flows and then release it when
downstream conditions can handle it," he said. "You're just kind of slowing the
flow a little bit."

The newly appropriated federal funds would come through the Regional
Conservation Partnership Program, which was created by the 2014 farm bill. This
week, the USDA announced that conservation projects in the Red River Basin and
seven other regions around the country could apply for the funding, which would
require local matching funds.

In March, the U.S. senators from Minnesota and North Dakota, along with Reps.
Collin Peterson, D-Minn., and Kevin Cramer, R-N.D., sent a letter to Agriculture
Secretary Thomas Vilsack urging the inclusion of the Red River Basin in the
program so the Retention Authority could potentially receive funding.

"In addition to addressing flood reduction, water retention on agricultural
lands will also help to improve water quality in the basin," the letter stated.
"Creating permanent and seasonal wetlands and water storage in the Red River
Basin would also greatly benefit wildlife habitat."

Cass County Administrator Keith Berndt said the program won't fund the proposed
$1.8 billion flood channel around the Fargo-Moorhead area, but that the
Diversion Authority supports the work of the Retention Authority.

"We view retention as complementary to the diversion," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                            December 7, 2012 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Locals have the bigger kick

BYLINE: Jan Davis

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 711 words


I'VE been thinking a lot lately about how people and businesses make investment
decisions.

As individuals, when we are considering buying a certain stock, a particular
house, tractor or car, we will only complete the deal once we are confident the
environment is right to make the commitment.

That relates to price, reliability, reputation, resale value, etc. Businesses
use the same general criteria in making their investment decisions.

One of the key factors taken into consideration in any investment decision has
to be sovereign risk. The meaning of this term has changed a bit over time.
These days we take it to mean the risk of governments changing the rules
midstream and undermining the basis on which decisions have been made.

This is an increasingly significant issue in Tasmania. Agriculture is faced with
an ever-growing and increasingly impenetrable mass of red and green tape. At the
same time the Government keeps shifting the goal posts.

To identify just a few examples, think forestry, chemical usage, animal welfare,
environmental issues. The list goes on and on.

Our job at the TFGA is to hold the Government accountable when it considers or
makes changes that will have an impact on farmers and agriculture. And we work
hard at doing that consistently and credibly.

Our latest effort is the submission we have made to the Tasmanian Government as
part of the consultation for next year's Budget. I won't go into detail about
the things we have outlined in that submission, other than to say that many of
the issues discussed in the document are not new. You can read the report at
www.tfga.com.au.

I seem to have been saying ad nauseam this week (in connection with the forestry
legislation) that the TFGA wants to be part of the solution, not part of the
problem; that we have constructive ideas; the glass is half-full, etc, etc. We
absolutely believe that there can be a great future for agriculture in this
state. And, of course, we fully appreciate all the great things the Government
has delivered or helped to deliver in our sector, not the least being the new
irrigation era.

In that spirit, we have said to the Government that we want to work with them to
create an even more innovative, competitive and sustainable agriculture
industry.

We know we have the backing of farmers in taking that approach. Our own research
towards the Agriculture 2025 vision tells us that farmers, processors, retailers
and consumers have a positive view of our future; that we can prosper, we can
lead the economy with the appropriate regime of government support, regulation
and deregulation, environmental policies and public and private infrastructure.

This is really interesting. Our economic output has grown every year. When you
take into account basic multiplier factors, the farm-dependent economy
contributes almost a quarter of gross state product, $5.5 billion. That is huge,
much higher than other states.

The Government talks a lot about investor confidence. However, they seem to be
focused only on external investors and not at all concerned about our home-grown
ones.

Every day Tasmanian farmers are putting their money where their mouths are and
investing in their businesses. This has a flow-on effect right across Tasmania;
when farmers are doing well, they spread that wealth widely.

If you take investment in the irrigation schemes as an example, our farmers will
put in something like half a billion dollars to distribute the water across
their properties once it has been ``delivered'' to the boundary of their
properties.

That is on top of the money they will already be paying for that delivery. In
the case of the first tranche of schemes, that comes to $90 million. For the
second, $54 million.

It is a case of business confidence makes for investor confidence, which makes
for more investment and that is regardless of where the investment is coming
from.

But home-grown investment brings additional benefits, in that there is a greater
likelihood it will be ``sticky'' and generally a greater proportion of it will
flow on to local communities.

So the take-home message of our Budget submission to the Government is: let's do
it together, create a sound climate in Tasmania for all investors and we can
show the world what we are capable of doing.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TSC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

The new black gold: U.S. farmland

BYLINE: Robert Cole, Reuters

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: GLOBE INVESTOR MARKETS; REUTERS BREAKINGVIEWS; Pg.
B11

LENGTH: 379 words


The hunt is on. Many institutional investors fear that developed-world
governments will relieve their enormous debt burdens by allowing inflation to
erode the real value of money. Inflation hedges, though, are not found easily.
Agricultural property has attractions. But ownership brings responsibilities,
costs and risks that need close management.

The inflation-adjusted value of U.S. farmland peaked in 1980, according to U.S.
Department of Agriculture figures. The USDA expects a new real peak in 2012.
That's not much in capital appreciation, but the average annual real yield, on
current land prices, has been a respectable 2.8 per cent.

U.S. farmland has participated in the last decade's commodity boom - the real
value will have increased at a 4.6 per cent annual rate from 2002 to 2012, if
the USDA's estimate of a 3.7 per cent real increase in 2012 proves accurate.

Farmland is no free lunch, however. It is an illiquid asset and cash flow is
volatile - inflation-adjusted income in 2004, the best year since 1980, was
twice as high as it was just two years earlier. But by 2006, much of the
increase had been wiped away.

Farmers are dependent on the prices of the crop and of inputs, not to mention
the weather. Outside investors have to buy wisely and manage well. The talents,
and tenancy agreements, of skilled farmers cannot be taken for granted.

Now may not be the best time to buy into mature agricultural economies. Not only
is the price up relative to the past, but it is expensive beside land in less
developed countries. Insight Investment, the fund management arm of BNY Mellon,
estimates that a hectare of land in the U.K. or New Zealand is three times the
price of U.S farmland, which, in turn, is twice the price of land in Romania or
Brazil.

Divergent land values draw investors, including those at Mellon, to geographical
diversification. But that probably adds to threats posed by red tape, subsidies,
taxes and tariffs.

Patience may smooth returns: indeed, it is probably wise to assume that the
minimum investment period for farmland is 10 years. And the potential for
inflation protection suggests that long-term savings institutions, such as
pension funds, should consider turning at least some of their clients' cash into
plowshares.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 18, 2010 Monday

State lost 14 percent of dairy farms from 2006 to 2009, new figures show

BYLINE: James Haggerty, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 657 words


Oct. 18--Pennsylvania lost 14 percent of its dairy farms between 2006 and 2009,
new U.S. Department of Agriculture data show.

Licensed dairy operations in the state, which includes the vast majority of
milking farms, decreased to 7,400 in 2009 from 8,610 in 2006, according to the
National Agricultural Statistics Service. The nationwide dairy farm total
dropped 11.4 percent over the same period, to 54,942.

The data point to the effects of a trough in milk prices in late 2008 and 2009
that accelerated flight from dairy farming. Farmers say a rally in prices this
year fails to provide the financial balance they need.

"The farms we see now are survivors, but that doesn't mean that all the ones we
see now will be survivors next year," said James Dunn, Ph.D., an agricultural
economist at Penn State University. Dairy farmers borrowed money and reduced
herd sizes to cope with the slump, which dropped the average payment for 100
pounds of milk in Pennsylvania -- a standard measure equivalent to 11.6 gallons
-- from $20.26 in November 2008 to $12.90 in June 2009. The crisis was brought
on by U.S. overproduction and a collapse in exports.

"The biggest concern is that people borrowed the money and they've got the cash
flow now, but they can't pay off the debt they accumulated in 2009," said Paul
Fetter, who milks 64 cows at his Mill City farm in Wyoming County. "Some of the
guys I talk with owe $1,000 to $2,000 per cow from 2009."

Will Keating, a Mount Cobb-area dairy farmer, has reduced his milking herd to 40
from 52 cows and sold 35 of his 60 heifers -- young cows that have not produced
a calf.

"You have to get rid of something to make up for the losses," Mr. Keating said.
"You try to catch up and you just can't. It gets tiring."

Average bulk milk payments in the state for 2009 ran about 95 cents less than
median operating costs. This year, the state average payment for 100 pounds of
milk through August was $17.61, and the production cost average for the same
volume was $15.66.

"This year has ended up, particularly the first half, with pretty strong
margins," said John Frey, executive director of the Center for Dairy Excellence,
a promotional agency in the state Department of Agriculture.

"A lot of people have made hay with these higher prices, cleaning up their
balance sheets and other things," Dr. Dunn said.

Dairy farmers, though, point to higher costs offsetting payment increases.

"The price of feed has been skyrocketing, and the price of fuel is going up,"
Mr. Keating said.

Corn futures hit a two-year high this week on commodities markets, and the price
of diesel fuel is up 17 percent from October 2009.

Mark Darling rebuilt his dairy barn in Fleetville after a fire in 2003 and is
rethinking his investment.

"I'm going backward every day and there's just no way to make it up," said Mr.
Darling, who milks 180 cows. The milk cooperative he belongs to will pay Mr.
Darling $15 per 100 pounds in January and he said he needs $16.50 to break even.

"Three years ago, you couldn't convince me to quit," Mr. Darling said. "When you
can't pay the bills, the stress is unbearable.

"We're just going to see how we can phase out."

Mr. Darling's attitude is typical of dairy farmers worn by uncertainty.

Mr. Fetter started driving a school bus in 2009 to make up for income lost from
the farm.

"There's a lot of people out there that are tired of the struggle," said Mr.
Fetter's wife, Mary. "It's tough to stay optimistic."

Contact the writer: jhaggerty@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101018-YT-State
-lost-14-percent-of-dairy-farms-from-2006-to-2009-new-figures-show-1018-20101018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 2, 2010 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                  All Editions

MOOMilk to suspend production

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: MACHIAS


A grand agricultural experiment - a Maine farmer-owned milk company - is close
to folding and will suspend milk production this week as its principals scramble
to find investment funding.

MOOMilk, which stands for Maine's Own Organic Milk, processed milk Wednesday but
will suspend production Sunday, as a variety of reasons have combined to force
the business toward closure. Only skim and 1 percent milk are still being
processed since the company's cash flow is so low that it cannot purchase 2
percent and whole milk cartons.

"We are out of money," David Bright, MOOMilk's secretary and one of its
founders, said this week.

Although the company began with 10 member farmers from Washington, Aroostook and
Kennebec counties, that number has fallen to six, threatening the company's
ability to produce enough milk to remain sustainable.

Two farmers retired; another sold his herd; and a fourth opted to switch to
conventional milk from organic.

Economic pressures also took a toll: The retail price of organic milk can be
twice as much as conventional milk.

MOOMilk was formed last year after Hood LLC, citing a soft market, did not renew
its contracts with 10 Maine organic milk producers. There was no other organic
producer willing to pick up the farms, so the farmers banded together and
created MOOMilk.

Smiling Hill Farm agreed to process the milk - 17,000 or more pounds a day - and
Oakhurst Dairy in Portland has been distributing it to more than 49 stores in
Maine and New Hampshire.

"We have less than $1,400 left in the bank account," Bright said Wednesday. He
said the company was making enough to pay the farmers but not enough to pay its
overhead. MOOMilk owes money to the hauler, the processor and the distributor.

"We've just not been able to produce or sell enough to make a profit," Bright
said.

As for the remaining farmers - three in Aroostook County and three in Washington
County - Bright said they are paying the trucker, Jason Schoppee of Holden, out
of their own milk checks to deliver their product to conventional dairies.

He said the Aroostook County farmers had an opportunity to ship to another
market but they were aware that if they did so, no one would service the
Washington County farms. The three - in Edmunds, Charlotte and Perry - are too
far out of the conventional trucking loop for it to be profitable to haul their
milk.

In an act of solidarity, the three Aroostook farmers agreed to stick by the
Washington County farmers while a solution is being worked on.

"This is a stressful time," Aaron Bell of Tide Mill Farm in Edmunds admitted
Wednesday. "We are all hopeful we can work something out."

Bright said company officials have been working with the Maine Department of
Agriculture, the Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association, FAME, and
state Sen. Kevin Raye, R-Eastport, to find a solution to the cash flow problem,
including seeking private investors.

As recently as Aug. 1, Bright was optimistic about sales but acknowledged then
that an additional 3,000 gallons a week needed to be sold to put the company in
the black.

sunrisecounty@bangordailynews.com

255-0618

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 3, 2010



CORRECTION: A story about milk published on Thursday's Business page requires
clarification. David Bright, secretary of MOOMilk, Maine's Own Organic Milk Co.,
said the company has stopped processing skim milk and 1 percent milk, but
expects to continue processing whole and 2 percent milk. MOOMilk now is sold in
100 stores throughout northern New England. Bright also wanted to clarify that
of the 10 original MOOMilk farmers, one has chosen to produce cheese, one now is
shipping elsewhere but intends to rejoin MOOMilk later this year, one shifted to
conventional milk, and one sold his herd to family members who opted to shift to
conventional milk.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

State will consider auditing L.A. County Fair Association

BYLINE: Monica Rodriguez monica.rodriguez@ langnews.com @PomonaNow on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 487 words


POMONA >> The state's Joint Legislative Audit Committee is expected to hear a
request today from Assemblyman Freddie Rodriguez, D-Chino, calling for an audit
of the Los Angeles County Fair Association.

The committee will meet in the state Capitol, according to a statement from
Rodriguez's office.

Rodriguez requested the audit in November following the publication of a Los
Angeles Times article critical of James Henwood, president and chief executive
officer of the Fair Association.

The article called attention to the high salaries the nonprofit Fair Association
is paying Fairplex management, including Henwood, who has compensation of nearly
$900,000. According to the newspaper, the Fair Association's top management
earns more than the management of other county fairs in Southern and Northern
California.

A Fair Association spokeswoman said Tuesday the salary and compensation packages
of Henwood and top management are justified.

Henwood "not only manages the fair but has been charged with maximizing revenue
from (the Fair Association's) almost 500-acre campus on a year-round basis and
with creating multiple educational and community-based programs that are
unparalleled in the state.

"By every measure, he has been successful," said Michelle DeMott, vice president
of branding and knowledge management, in an email.

But Rodriguez said in a statement he finds the compensation packages excessive.

"It appears that the Los Angeles County Fair Association is abusing the public's
trust," Rodriguez said. "Year after year, the association loses money, yet it
continues to reap public benefits and reward its top executives with lavish
bonuses. The residents in my community deserve transparency and that is what
this audit will provide."

Between 2005 and 2011, the association collected at least $1.4 million in public
dollars from the California Department of Food and Agriculture, Rodriguez's
statement says. Additionally, in 2010, the association received more than $6
million in federal bonds.

In her email, DeMott said there appears to be "misinformation about and
misreading of our tax returns."

"What has been mischaracterized as 'losses' are actually depreciation of new
facilities on the Fairplex campus," she wrote.  The association generates $7
million in positive cash flow each year, all of which is reinvested into the
Fairplex campus and multiple community programs," including those serving
150,000 students annually, in addition to more than 1,000 students from
socioeconomically challenged communities, something she said other fairs do not
do.

Also, of the $1.4 million that the Fair Association received from the Department
of Food and Agriculture, "90 percent of this was not taxpayer money, but rather,
Del Mar Thoroughbred Club payments to LACFA that were passed through the
Department of Food and Agriculture before making their way back to LACFA, which
had its own horse racetrack at the time."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            March 10, 2004 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Not a drop to spare;
FEATURE

BYLINE: Stephen Wyatt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 1860 words


Federal and state politicians, irrigators, environmentalists and scientists will
spend the next two days talking about water trading. Stephen Wyatt explains why
it's such a big deal.

It's a federal election year and that means the Murray-Darling river system will
continue to suffer as politicians focus on harvesting votes in rural
electorates, not the health of the rivers.

But after this election and for many years to come, no matter who wins, there
will be dramatic changes to who uses water, how much it costs and where it
flows.

In NSW from July, towns, miners, industry and property developers will be
competing with agriculture for water. And within the agricultural sector,
different activities will be competing among themselves grape with rice, rice
with dairy, horticulture with cotton. The market is set to determine who gets
what water and at what cost and the primary determinant will be the value
derived from using a megalitre of water. It is intended that water will flow to
its highest use value.

Deputy Prime Minister John Anderson highlighted the politics of water allocation
when he commented that "city dwellers are more interested in the latest
indulgence in Vogue magazine than in recognising how hard farmers work to
produce such luxuries".

But it is not the Vogue readers who use the water. The agricultural sector uses
at least 70 per cent of the water consumed in Australia, yet agriculture
accounts for just 3 per cent of gross domestic product. Services account for
more than 70 per cent and industry more than 25 per cent.

And the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation points out
that the return from high water use in agriculture is poor in the rice industry,
7000 litres of water are required to generate $1 of output; in cotton, 1600
litres are needed and for sugar, 1200 litres.

And now that water access rights have been separated from ownership of the land,
this low-value consumption of water will have to compete with other consumers,
including growing towns, mining operations, service industries, high-value
agriculture and

even golf course developers.

That is the theory behind creating a separate asset class for water. It will
then flow to higher value uses. And that is why low value users of water, such
as the rice industry, do not like what they are hearing.

The big change began when the Council of Australian Governments, under an
initiative to halt environmental degradation of the Murray-Darling basin in
eastern Australia, capped the amount of water that can be taken out of the river
systems, separated water from land as a new property right and introduced water
trading.

But, of course, nothing is simple. Just because water is privately owned is no
guarantee it will indeed flow to higher value uses and also result in a better
environment and healthier rivers.

A water market by its very nature will be a very murky market and like all such
markets, will allocate resources relatively poorly. Trading rules will abound:
water will be able to be traded only within a catchment area, not between
catchments and there will be environmental issues, such as salinity, that will
also necessarily disturb the functioning of the market. Trading rules are yet to
be formulated.

And then there is the politics. Compensation is at the heart of the political
debate as irrigators, whether in the rice, cotton, grape, corn or dairy
industries, are out to get the best deal they can. They recognise that change is
inevitable given the state of the river systems in eastern Australia; that too
much water has been extracted for too long.

But they want money. And Anderson is out to deliver; after all, irrigators are
powerful in many rural and marginal electorates.

Initially, at least in NSW the state that has spearheaded change compensation
would be paid only if there were changes made within the 10 years of the 10-year
water sharing plan. Some structural adjustment payments, however, have been
planned for the hard-hit groundwater users, especially in the Namoi Valley in
northern NSW.

The NSW Water Act, which was passed in 2000 and is expected to be fully
implemented in July this year, aimed to create a separate 15-year access right
to water which was to be termed a "permanent" water right and was central to
creating a new water

property asset, separate from land.

A water-sharing plan for respective irrigation areas then established the
irrigators' maximum entitlement to water provided by that 15-year access right
over 10 years and how much should flow to the environment and other uses. Each
year, depending on water availability, the state determines the amount of water
allocated to that licence.

This permanent right could then be traded bought and sold or rented out. A
rented access right for example, the permanent right rented out for four years
is termed a "temporary" licence.

But now the NSW government is set to convert the permanent 15-year right into a
perpetual licence, giving irrigators a cleaner asset without a sunset clause.

Environmental groups fear that perpetual licences will lead to massive
compensation to irrigators if it is deemed that the environment needs more
water.

But whether permanent or perpetual, so long as a finite water-sharing plan
determines the allocation to the environment and to irrigators and towns over
that finite five- or 10-year period, then little should change.

Right now, the states generally argue that no compensation needs to be paid if
changes are made to a new water-sharing plan at the end of the term of the old
water-sharing plan.

But federal politicians such as Anderson are floating the idea that compensation
should be paid between plans if the new terms stem from changes of public
policy, such as wanting more water for the environment. But if exogenous
environmental factors, such as climate change, trigger the changes to the
water-sharing plan, there would be no compensation.

If the commonwealth position prevails, the future looks bleak for the
environment as the choice will be either massive compensation or a failing river
system and governments of all political persuasions are loath to pay massive
anything.

Recently, Anderson said "additional funds may be needed from governments for the
implementation of the initiative [to save the Murray-Darling river system]". The
extra money would prove to farmers who lost water under the initiative that the
government would help them adjust.

Anderson's focus as the election approaches is constantly on compensation rather
than river health.

When the federal government last year announced $500 million was to be spent on
icon sites on the river system, an initiative many see as too little too late,
the NSW Irrigators Council cheered the move.

Doug Miell , the council's chief executive, said the focus on icon sites "is a
more sensible approach than committing a quantum of water as the sole basis for
addressing the long-term management of the Murray River system".

The message seems to be filtering out that the water game is going to change big
time.

Even the traditional agriculturally based water barons such as Twynam
Agricultural Group (NSW), Cubbie Station (Queensland) and US cotton group
Auscott Ltd (NSW), have taken a back seat recently.

Brian Peadon , chief executive of the WaterExchange , the primary internet-based
water-trading market in Australia, says these water barons are becoming bit
players.

"Most inquiries are not from water barons but from local government and
developers," Peadon says.

Under the NSW Water Act, local government councils will need to buy permanent
water rights for future subdivisions and miners, industry and developers will
all need licences.

These higher value users of water, at least in the sense that town and city
dwellers and mining and manufacturing can pay more , will now be vigorous
competitors for that water.

And so has the price of water soared?

Certainly because of drought and continuing dry conditions over the past two
years, water prices rose. But that was because of demand for water by
agriculture; not because of others competing with agriculture.

It is early days in the new water world, so seasonal conditions primarily affect
the price of renting water the price of temporary licences rather than permanent
licences.

And because many areas remain short of water, prices did not fall during the
summer crop-growing season.

They are now, but that is because summer cropping is over. Temporary water in
the north of NSW peaked at about $350 a megalitre around Christmas. Two weeks
ago, it was $330 a megalitre. Now it is $225 a megalitre.

Pure water plays are not proving particularly profitable as yet. Owning a
permanent licence, then renting the water out that is, selling it temporarily is
proving to be a thin-margin business. In the Gwydir Valley around Moree, water
yields are a little over 1 per cent. In the Lachlan, water yields are about 2.3
per cent and in the Murrumbidgee valley, about 5.4 per cent.

By contrast, the price of owning a water property right the access to water on a
permanent licence continues to increase. In the north of NSW in the higher
yielding cotton belt, permanent licences are about $2200 a megalitre whereas in
the south in the horticultural and rice areas, they are $600-$1200 a megalitre.

On many properties, water is now more valuable than the land. Recently, a
3090-hectare property 100 kilometres west of Moree was sold for $8 million, on
which the water was worth more than $4 million. And now this water right could
be sold and the land kept.

Water prices have risen in the cotton belt in northern NSW from about $180 a
megalitre a decade ago to about $2200 a megalitre today. Water has been one of
the great bull markets, if not the greatest, in the world over the past 10
years.

However, water trading has not accelerated over the past year despite the fact
that more and more people understand the new rules.

Peadon of the WaterExchange says trading has never been thinner, not because
people are not interested on a permanent or on a temporary basis, but because
there has been so little water to trade.

But he makes the point that the market is now structured, especially from July
when the NSW Water Act is fully implemented, to enable a lot more trading and
different types of trading.

Five years ago there were just seven trading zones in NSW. From July, there will
be 200, including underground water, unregulated rivers and trading of highflow
rights.

Importantly, as well, new trading products look like evolving. Water forwards
will be able to be traded from July 1.

Water forwards will enable growers to lock in the water risk at the same time as
locking in the future sale, the sale price and the currency. A cotton grower,
for example, could sell a significant proportion of his forecast production
forward for three years, lock in the $US/$A exchange rate and also lock in the
water needed to grow the crop.

But while all this goes on, the mouth of the Murray River is still being
dredged. No water has flowed out to the sea for almost three years. After years
of talk, nodding political heads and some real efforts to restore the system to
health, it remains chronically ill.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: In NSW from July, towns, miners, industry and property
developers will be competing with agriculture for water. Photo: ROB HOMER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                            January 16, 2009 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Land of milk, no money

BYLINE: CLAIRE KONKES

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 611 words


WITH boom times gone, in addition to an oversupply of cars and houses, there are
too many cows, reports the International Herald Tribune.

The American dairy industry has found turning off the milk supply is not as easy
as closing down a vehicle assembly line.

The milk continues to flow even though many processors have no buyers; and the
glut is causing prices to plummet in the US.

US farmers are assessing the extent to which they should reduce their herds but
are reluctant to do so in case demand recovers. Rebuilding a herd can take
years.

Producers are trying not to panic, says Brian Gould, an agricultural economist.

It will all depend on how long it takes the US economy to recover.

The US Administration has price-support programs for about two dozen
agricultural products, but so far milk powder is the only commodity that has
sunk low enough to trigger a flow of government dollars.

The Department of Agriculture, to keep some farmers out of trouble, has
committed to buying $132 million worth of milk powder.

Critics of farm subsidies argue that price support programs allow farmers to
continue producing even when the economics makes no sense because they know
government money will always buy up excess production.

Farmers do not want to respond to market signals, says Kenneth Cook, president
of the Environmental Working Group, a Washington research organisation long
critical of official farm policy.

``They want to keep producing,'' he says.

``Once you get in a jam like this, it becomes our collective problem.''

Part of the equation is a steep rise in demand for dairy products from newly
emerging markets.

Since 2003, dairy exports have increased from $1 billion a year to about $4
billion and exports of powdered milk have increased sixfold

Droughts in Australia and New Zealand also left gaps in the market.

At a time when production in Australia and New Zealand is bouncing back, factors
still affecting the industry include stagnating demand, high prices, economic
uncertainty and currency swings. The Chinese melamine contamination scandal is
also expected to further diminish demand.

US farmers are wondering if they will be able to hang on to their herds until
the market swings up again.

Milk trials

CHINA'S melamine scandal could claim yet more lives.

Executives of the companies involved are facing possible death sentences,
reports the Taipei Times.

Sanlu chairwoman Tian Wenhua and three others have appeared in a northern
Chinese court.

New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra does not accept that Tian, the former head of
Fonterra's Chinese joint venture, would plead guilty to charges related to the
tainted milk scandal.

Fonterra chief executive Andrew Ferrier, saying he would be saddened if Tian
were convicted let alone executed, says she seemed to live and breathe Sanlu;
and that she only wanted the best for the company.

Fonterra, which has written off its 43 per cent shareholding in Sanlu for a loss
of $158 million, was not represented at the one-day court hearing.

Chinese authorities have made no attempt to press charges against Fonterra.

Ferrier says Fonterra wants the Sanlu affair resolved before it will re-invest
in China.

Twenty-two Chinese dairy firms also implicated in the contamination of milk
products -- which have killed at least six babies and hospitalised 290,000
children -- sent a New Year text message to millions of mobile phone users:
``Please forgive us. We are deeply sorry for the harm caused to the children and
society. We sincerely apologise for that and we beg your forgiveness.''

Another 17 people involved in producing, selling, buying and adding melamine to
raw milk to cheat protein tests have gone on trial in recent days.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TSC


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

BYLINE: Ken Moar

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; Markets; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 532 words


Scottish dairy farmers will start receiving their EU compensation cash handout
this week. It is being delivered by the UK payment agency as the Scottish
government's new £187million crisis-stricken computer system cannot deliver
Common Agricultural Policy payments on time, never mind cope with an additional
top-up.

The average payout is £1,800 a farmer and it is scandalous that dairy producers
on direct supermarket contracts, receiving nearly 30p a litre for their milk,
will be paid the same amount as First Milk suppliers who are currently getting
just over 15p.

Our agriculture minister strongly criticised farming ministry Defra for
distributing the EU cash on the milk volume produced in each part of the UK
instead of targeting it at farmers who were facing the greatest challenges.

Yet, he has decided to use the exact same formula to distribute it to Scottish
dairy farmers, instead of targeting the money at the likes of First Milk
producers who are on their financial knees through no fault of their own.

As First Milk's recent set of accounts revealed the co-op has been struggling
financially and no one can be in any doubt about how precarious a position both
the company and the farmers who supply them are in.

First Milk producers are in a desperate financial position so surely the
minister should have listened to the NFU and used his powers to help producers
like them who are currently receiving rock-bottom prices.

Farmers may think the EU cash is too little, too late but EU Farming
Commissioner Phil Hogan knows only too well how lucky he was to be able to fund
a compensation package due to cash-strapped EU budgets.

Mr Hogan also knows dairy price volatility is here to stay and Brussels bailouts
in future will be near impossible to fund.

To find answers to the volatility question he is setting up an Agri-Markets Task
Force to come up with some solutions.

Attending a dairy volatility conference in Brussels a few weeks ago I heard Mr
Hogan's senior adviser, Tom Tynan, state that a functioning EU dairy futures
market, loan schemes to smooth cash flows and long-term fixed margin contracts
were ideas Mr Hogan wanted the task force to explore.

We heard from global nutrition company Glanbia that it had over a billion litres
of milk contracted with dairy farmers on a three-year, index-linked fixed milk
price which protects farmers' margins.

Another option was New Zealand co-op Fonterra's loan scheme that helps their
farmers' cash flow when milk prices are low, repayable when prices rose.

However, Liam Fenton, of FC Stone, specialists in the US dairy markets, warned
that without compulsory EU dairy price reporting in place then EU futures
markets could not function.

With a leading UK Agri-politician tipped to lead the task force it is vitally
important for the future survival of UK dairy farmers that they find credible
solutions that Mr Hogan can implement to try and solve the massive challenge of
volatile markets.

George Lyon is a former Liberal Democrat MEP and an ex-member of the EU
agriculture committee and a former vice-president of the budget committee. He
works as a senior consultant for Hume Brophy and sits on the board of levy body
organisation AHDB

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2015 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Ukiah Daily Journal (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2009 Monday

Ag gets $5.7 million

BYLINE: Zack Cinek, The Ukiah Daily Journal, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


Aug. 17--Ag gets $5.7 million

Agriculture along the Russian River gets an added boost from a $5.7 million
grant that can help to pay for 50 percent of the cost for ponds and new water
meters.

Laurel Marcus of the California Land Stewardship Institute wrote the grant.
Money from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Natural Resource Conservation
Service which will be paid out over five years, she said.

"This is a chance to change water infrastructure there to make a more reliable
and sustainable system," Marcus said.

Russian River Flood Control and Water Conservation Improvement District was a
local partner in the grant. Russian River Flood Control has the rights to x acre
feet per year of Lake Mendocino Water.

Sean White, manager of the Russian River Flood Control District said that the
grant is a great for the Ukiah area. "It's not like a traditional grant," White
said, "We (RRFC) do not get any money directly."

Agriculture types are going to have to go after the $5.7 million pot of money of
they want it.

"It's up to agriculture in the area to come in and apply for it," White said.

To get the grant a "wine country" area was outlined in the Ukiah area and parts
of Sonoma County and Napa County where the money would be spent.

"There are income restrictions," Marcus said. "If you make to much money you do
not qualify. If you are a publicly-traded corporation you do not qualify."

The $5.7 million grant which requires costs to be split adds up to be about an

$11 million investment.

Earlier this year a water shortage at Lake Mendocino, the head of the Russian
River, generated talk of a ban on pumping water used to protect wine grapes from
frost to avoid hurting baby steel head and Coho salmon fish.

Ponds built with grant money are intended to be filled when the river is up and
can be refilled slowly, Marcus stated.

The grant money spans five years but Marcus faces an Aug. 17 deadline for this
fiscal year. She said some proposals from the Ukiah area have been received.

White said he knows of several ponds being built now have a price of about
$400,000. With a grant, building similar ponds would cost grape growers
$200,000.

A modern water meter without grant assistance could cost $3,800. If every one
had one, White said, the task of reading meters would be obsolete for the flood
control district.

Zack Cinek can be reached at udjzc@pacific.net or 468-3521.

To see more of The Ukiah Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ukiahdailyjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Ukiah Daily Journal,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090817-UJ-Ag-gets-5.7-million-0817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UJ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday

SBP governor to launch scheme for SMEs, rural enterprises

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, March 18 -- Governor State Bank of Pakistan Syed Salim Raza will launch
a Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small and Rural Enterprises under the Financial
Inclusion Program (FIP) on Thursday.

He will also announce a Refinance Scheme for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs)
in the North West Frontier Province (NWFP), Federally Administered Tribal Area
(FATA) and Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).

These schemes are aimed at enhancing the flow of credit to the SME and
Agriculture sectors with greater emphasis on revitalization of business
activities in the troubled areas of NWFP, FATA & Gilgit-Baltistan.

Agriculture and SME sectors contribute significantly to GDP and export earnings
of the country as well as employ a large percentage of labour force and thus
greatly contribute to poverty reduction.

Keeping in view the economic importance of these two sectors, the State Bank has
initiated many important steps to improve the flow of credit to these sectors.
The State Bank of Pakistan launched Financial Inclusion Program (FIP) with 50
million pound (British) grant from the UK's Department for International
Development (DFID) to promote inclusive economic growth through provision of
sustainable financial services to the poor and small entrepreneurs, women and
marginalized communities.

It launched the Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility (MCGF) and the
Institutional Strengthening Fund (ISF). The MCGF witnessed a steady increase in
interest from potential takers. So far, four microfinance providers have secured
term sheets from commercial banks. These transactions will mobilize funds of Rs
1.5 billion for microfinance banks/institutions.

The Institutional Strengthening Fund (ISF) Committee approved grants of Rs 300
million in the first phase. These include Rs 82 million to National Rural
Support Program's transformation into a microfinance bank, Rs 82 million to
Tameer Microfinance Bank to launch its branchless banking through easyPaisa and
Rs 133 million for Pakistan Microfinance Network for operational support. Three
new grant applications of a total worth of Rs 58 million have been approved for
support to First Microfinance Bank, Kashf Microfinance Bank, and Centre for
Women Cooperative Development, recently.

In addition, FIP is supporting efforts of Financial Monitoring Unit (FMU)
against money laundering and terrorism financing. It is also supporting Pakistan
Remittance Initiative (PRI).

In the next phase, FIP will launch Financial Innovation Challenge Fund worth 10
million GBP and a technology fund worth 2 million GBP to promote financial
innovation and support alternative delivery channels. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For more information on news feed
please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Farmers must manage cash

BYLINE: Debbie Blank, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


Mar. 4--For farmers, "cash flow management is more important in the early
years," maintained certified public accountant Shawwn Storms Feb. 27. He was
speaking about "Addressing Financial Challenges" at Batesville's "Time to Grow:
Your Food, Your Profits, Your Opportunities" seminar.

"Cash is still king," the Batesville resident announced. Cash deficiencies cause
higher costs, due to interest or missed discounts. Lower revenues lead to missed
opportunities, less advertising and fewer employees.

Drew Cleveland, Farmland, said, "We're thinking about doing a CSA (Community
Supported Agriculture, where farmers get paid after providing a certain amount
of crops for a number of subscribers during a long time period). One reason is
for cash flow."

Storms pointed out, "Sometimes growth eats up your cash in the form of
receivables ... Making money ... doesn't always result in cash in your back
pocket."

He urged attendees to keep good records, even if it means doing it on nights or
weekends after working other jobs. "Eighty to 90 percent of our clients use
QuickBooks." Although the software program costs about $400, he said it's worth
the expense.

The accountant also reported that businesses that get paid by automatic bank
drafts "are miles ahead of the game .... That's an easier process" than billing
customers. "Do you have to have a credit card machine?" an attendee asked. No,
but the bank might charge a fee.

The speaker observed, "The past 18-24 months have been incredibly challenging
for our banking friends." He said bankers look at six C's before loaning money:
character, credit limits, collateral, capitalization, cash flow and
communications.

"If you do get into a loan, read the documents," he advised. "What I'm finding
in today's environment, they haven't paid attention (to the loan language) and
now it comes back to haunt them," whether as a prepayment penalty or salary
restriction.

Glen Suttman, Batesville, reported he had a good experience with a banker after
taking out a series of small loans. "For a big investment, they're willing to
back you up easier." When looking for a certain loan amount, "shop it around"
for the best terms, the farmer suggested.

"Don't take the first one that wants to loan you money."

When choosing a banker, look for one with experience, the CPA said.

If a banker thinks a borrower has a collateral shortfall, the farmer can turn to
the Small Business Administration, which may guarantee part of the loan. "That
is a very good program," Storms noted. "If you go to a bank, don't forget to ask
about it. If a bank doesn't use SBA, you may want to search for one that does."
SBA loans have fixed interest rates, advantageous over some banks' loans with
fluctuating ones.

"Farmers have been afforded good benefits from our government as far as tax
laws." Producers should talk to their financial advisers to capitalize on those
laws, Storms said.

To see more of The Herald-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald-Tribune,
Batesville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100304-HZ-Farmers-must-manage-cash-0304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2010 The Herald-Tribune


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 2, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

RULES BROADENED TO EASE FARM DEBT

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 706 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 1


The Reagan Administration, bowing to demands of farm state congressmen, agreed
today to make it easier for farmers to obtain Federal help in reducing their
debts and avoiding default.

The Government said it would guarantee a bank the payment of most tof a farmer's
loan if the bank was willing to reduce interest rates on the loan to help the
farmer avoid default.

The budget director, David A. Stockman, and Agriculture Secretary John R. Block
promised to put the change into effect early next week, making debt-relief terms
more liberal than they have been since last fall. The commitment was made this
morning at a meeting attended by Bob Dole, the Senate majority leader; several
Middle Western senators, and the presidents of state Farm Bureau organizations
in the Midwest.



Move to Cut Supports Dropped

At the same time, according to senators at the meeting, Reagan Administration
officials abandoned an attempt they made Thursday night to require Farm Belt
Congressmen to support the Administration's proposed cuts in farm price support
progams in return for the expanded credit package.

In his re-election campaign, President Reagan announced that $650 million in
Federal money would be made available to guarantee commercial farm loans in
danger of default if the bankers would reduce the principal on them by at least
10 percent. Many rural banks have resisted this because it would mean a
reduction in their assets.

But since then, as the farm debt problem has grown worse, members of Congress
from farm states, including many Republicans up for re-election next year, have
been demanding an enlargement of this program to include reduction of interest
rates as a qualification for the guarantee. Earlier this week Mr. Block said the
Administration had no plans to do this.

As Congressional sources explained today's agreement, to get the Federal
guarantee, banks will be required to offer farmers a reduction in interest rate
or principal, the amount of a loan to be repaid, or a combination, whichever the
farmer choses.

Although final details of the new credit package have not been completed, an
Agriculture Department official said reduction of interest on farm loans in
danger of default, like the reduction in loan principal provided in Mr. Reagan's
original debt-guarantee plan, would be decided case by case. Interest would be
reduced by at least 10 percent, or by as much as would be necessary for a farmer
to avoid default.

The farmer, the banker and the Farmers Home Administration would get together to
determine the minimum amount of income that a farmer would need to avoid
default. The banker would agree to reduce the interest rate, principal or both
by at least 10 percent in return for a guarantee that the Goverment would pay up
to 90 percent of what the farmer owes the bank in the event these calculations
are not correct and the farmer is unable to repay the loan.

How Reductions Would Work

In theory, those reductions would lower a farmer's monthly operating expenses
and thus increase his monthly cash flow, helping him avoid default. In return,
the banker would be assured of recouping up to 90 percent of what the farmer
owed if the farmer defaulted in spite of the lower rates.

Assistant Secretary of Agriculture Frank Naylor gave the following example of
how the interest reduction would work:

A farmer has a loan for $100,000 payable over five years at 15 percent interest.
His annual debt service is $29,000, but he cannot pay that much. The banker and
the local Farmers Home Administration official decide he could pay between
$22,000 and $24,000.

So the banker agrees to reduce the interest rate to 3.78 percent, the farmer's
annual debt service charge falls to $23,400 and, if his crop and livestock
production come up to expectations, he willhave enough cash flow to continue
farming.

In return, the banker is assured of continued payments on the loan and knows
that if this plan fails, he will lose only 10 percent of it.

Senator Charles E. Grassley, an Iowa Republican, said today that the the
expanded credit guarantees would not solve farmers' economic problems but ''will
relieve some of their immediate fears of bankruptcy.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Lawmaker calling for an audit of county fair;
Joint committee to hear official request today

BYLINE: Monica Rodriguez monica.rodriguez@ langnews.com @PomonaNow on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 486 words


POMONA >> The state's Joint Legislative Audit Committee today is expected to
hear a request from Assemblyman Freddie Rodriguez, D-Chino, calling for an audit
of the Los Angeles County Fair Association.

The committee will meet in the state Capitol, according to a statement from
Rodriguez's office.

Rodriguez requested the audit in November following the publication of a Los
Angeles Times article critical of James Henwood, president and chief executive
officer of the fair association.

The article called attention to the high salaries the nonprofit association is
paying Fairplex management, including Henwood who has compensation of nearly
$900,000. According to that paper, the fair association's top management earns
more than the management of other county fairs in Southern and Northern
California.

A fair association spokeswoman said Tuesday the salary and compensation packages
of Henwood and top management are justified.

Henwood "not only manages the fair but has been charged with maximizing revenue
from (the fair association's) almost 500-acre campus on a year-round basis and
with creating multiple educational and community-based programs that are
unparalleled in the state."

"By every measure, he has been successful," said Michelle DeMott, vice president
of branding and knowledge management, in an email.

But Rodriguez said in a statement he finds the compensation

packages excessive.

"It appears that the Los Angeles County Fair Association is abusing the public's
trust," Rodriguez said. "Year after year, the association loses money, yet it
continues to reap public benefits and reward its top executives with lavish
bonuses. The residents in my community deserve transparency and that is what
this audit will provide."

Between 2005 and 2011, the association collected at least $1.4 million in public
dollars from the California Department of Food and Agriculture, Rodriguez's
statement says. Additionally, in 2010, the association received more than $6
million in federal bonds.

In her email, DeMott said there appears to be "misinformation about and
misreading of our tax returns."

"What has been mischaracterized as 'losses' are actually depreciation of new
facilities on the Fairplex campus," she wrote.  The association generates $7
million in positive cash flow each year, all of which is reinvested into the
Fairplex campus and multiple community programs," including those serving
150,000 students annually - in addition to more than 1,000 students from
socioeconomically challenged communities, something she said other fairs do not
do.

Also, of the $1.4 million that the fair association received from the Department
of Food and Agriculture, "90 percent of this was not taxpayer money, but rather,
Del Mar Thoroughbred Club payments to LACFA that were passed through the
Department of Food and Agriculture before making their way back to LACFA, which
had its own horse racetrack at the time."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 26, 1998

Advance of aid postpones beef farmers' cash crisis

SECTION: Agriculture: Beef, Pg.1

LENGTH: 484 words


EUROPE last night brought forward a GBP 17.5million subsidy payment to
Scotland's beef farmers to help ease their cash-flow problems.

Scottish National Farmers' Union president George Lyon welcomed the cash but
said in many cases it would only postpone bankruptcy for beef farmers.

Aberdeenshire beef producer Robin Michie, of Bankhead, New Aberdour, said: "This
does not solve the problem. It's only a stop-gap measure and goes nowhere near
solving the industry problem."

The European beef-management committee agreed at its monthly meeting in Brussels
to bring forward the advance payment after a plea from the UK.

Producers will now get 80% of the advance on this year's beef special and
suckler-cow premiums instead of 60%.

Scottish Agriculture Minister Lord Sewel said: "In recognition of the cash-flow
difficulties being experienced by cattle farmers at the moment, we pressed the
EU to increase the advances payable under these two schemes.

"Agreement has been reached at 80%, rather than the normal 60% rate. This will
mean the earlier payment of an estimated GBP 17.5million in Scotland.

"I am delighted that we have been able to help in this instance."

Mr Lyon said: "This is reasonably good news, but the case for agri-monetary
compensation for the strong pound is even stronger.

"All this payment will do is postpone the evil day."

Mr Lyon said the union was still pressing the Government for some GBP 55million
in compensation for the strong pound, which over the last two years has wiped
more than GBP 1billion off the value of subsidies paid to UK farmers.

Both Labour and the previous Tory Government have steadfastly refused to pay out
the bulk of the cash because Britain would have to fund almost 75% of the
payment itself.

The majority of the latest tranche of agri-money compensation due to the farming
industry is for beef and sheep farmers. A small amount would be available to the
arable sector and a much smaller sum for dairy farmers.

Mr Lyon - who on Thursday likened the plight of Scots farmers to that of the
Third World - said it was essential the agri-cash was also paid out by ministers
if farmers were to survive the present crisis.

Mr Michie said the extra 20 percentage points in the advance payment of the two
premiums was cash to which farmers were entitled. They would have received the
payment in April anyway.

He added: "I have been selling cattle today at Thainstone and the trade is the
worst I have seen since the 1970s.

"All they have done here is put out a bigger percentage of the money we were
due. It is welcome, though"

The Scottish Office expects the early premium payments to be made from November
1.

Advances are as follows:

v Suckler-cow premium - GBP 89.93, an increase of GBP 22.48.

v Beef special premium - steers - GBP 67.45, an increase of GBP 16.86; bulls -
GBP 83.78, an increase of GBP 20.94.

SNP pledge - Page 18

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

The high price of ignoring labor immobility;
MANAGING GLOBALIZATION

BYLINE: Daniel Altman

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1003 words


The International Herald Tribune's global economics columnist, Daniel Altman,
recently moderated an online discussion between readers and Joseph Stiglitz, a
recipient of the Nobel in economic science, professor at Columbia University and
author of numerous articles and books on globalization.

Here are some questions and excerpts from Stiglitz's responses posted at
blogs.iht.com/globalization.

***

Q-What is the future of globalization where there is an increasingly greater
disproportion between the movements of capital and goods and that of people?

Nabil El Aid El Othmani, Morocco

*

A-This disparity in the liberalization of capital and labor is a major problem.
Enormous energy has been focused on facilitating the flows of investment and
capital, while movements of labor remain highly restricted. This is so even
though the gains to global economic efficiency from liberalizing labor flows are
an order of magnitude greater than the gains from liberalizing capital flows.
Liberalizing movement of short-term speculative capital has been associated with
increased instability but does not bring enhanced economic growth. Premature
capital market liberalization, for instance, was the basic cause of the East
Asian crisis of 1997.

This disparity has large distributional consequences. Because capital can move
easily, it threatens to leave a country if it is taxed, or if wages are not
tamed, or worker benefits are not cut. The disparity in liberalization is one of
the reasons for the growing inequality in incomes that has marked most countries
around the world. It is one of the reasons that even when globalization has
brought increases in gross domestic product, it has led to the lowering of
incomes of many workers.

There is a risk that unless globalization can be made more fair so that there
are more winners and fewer losers there may well be a backlash. We should
remember that globalization is not inevitable. The degree of global integration,
as measured, for instance, by the ratio of trade or capital flows to GDP, was
higher before World War I than during the interwar period.

***

Q-Poverty continues to remain a big problem in the emerging economies. Poverty
alleviation programs have failed to lift millions from the grip of hunger and
disease. How can we marry the goals of globalization with reducing poverty as
the rich are getting richer with globalization while the poor remain where they
are for centuries?

Dev Chatterjee, India

*

A-Globalization can be made to work, and work in a way that the number of people
in poverty is reduced. But it has not been working that way.

These are among the central messages in my book ''Making Globalization Work,''
where I spell out a wide agenda of what needs to be done. For instance, there is
a rich trade agenda going well beyond agriculture, on which the current set of
global trade talks, known as the development round, seems to have become bogged
down that would help the poorest countries grow; but that agenda is a far cry
from the trade agenda that America and Europe tried to sell as the development
round.

We have the knowledge to deal with many of the diseases confronting the
developing countries; but the trade-related intellectual property rights
agreement, or TRIP, which was part of the Uruguay round, was designed to make
generic medicines less accessible. The result was that thousands are dying
unnecessarily because they cannot afford the brand-name medicines.

But the current system also provides little incentive for drug companies to do
research on the diseases, like malaria, that are largely found in developing
countries, simply because even if a cure or vaccine were found, those suffering
from the disease would not have the money to pay the prices the drug companies
would demand.

The current system clearly is not working. Again, there are alternative ways of
financing research and the delivery of drugs, alternatives which are both more
efficient and more equitable.

***

Q-Has the World Bank changed since you were there, and if so, is it for better
or for worse?

Michel Monette, Canada

*

A-During my time there, the World Bank began to take on an advocacy role
advocating policies that are needed for the successful development of poor
countries, even when they were opposed by some of the advanced industrial
countries. It has continued to do that, notably in its opposition to
agricultural subsidies by the United States and the European Union, which
depress agricultural prices and so hurt the developing countries that depend on
agriculture.

But a central achievement of this period was the recognition that successful
development requires a comprehensive approach there is no magic bullet. For
instance, trade liberalization unaccompanied by policies that lead to new jobs
replacing the old jobs that are lost may simply lead to a growth in
unemployment, not growth in GDP. We took a comprehensive approach to poverty as
well, recognizing that the poor also lacked security and voice.

Today, it often seems that the only issue that the bank talks about is
corruption. It sermonizes but does not have a comprehensive set of policies and
approaches to attack it.

For instance, secrecy in Western banks facilitates this corruption. The Bush
administration vetoed an effort by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development to circumscribe bank secrecy in August 2001; it then found that
these secret bank accounts were also used by terrorists.

Since then, it has shown that bank secrecy can be effectively attacked, but the
United States has only been willing to do so to curtail terrorism, not to
curtail corruption. The World Bank should add its voice in criticism of the Bush
administration's policies.

But even were it to succeed in addressing the corruption, that would not be
sufficient to address poverty in the third world. Money can be spent honestly
but incompetently; and even when money is well spent, unless there are
appropriate institutions and policies in place, success will be limited.

****

E-mail: daltman@iht.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Robust sowing in rabi season allays fears of cash ban fallout

SECTION: TIMES NATION | BLACK OUT?

LENGTH: 317 words


Armed with latest sowing data of main rabi crops (wheat, pulses and oilseeds),
Union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh said on Wednesday that the ongoing
sowing operations across the country have not been affected by demonetisation.

Dismissing claims of adverse impact of banning of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 currency
notes farmers during the rabi sowing season, Singh said a few people were
\x93just playing politics over the issue for their self interests\x93. Sowing
figures, released by the agriculture ministry , show that wheat has been sown in
79.40 lakh hectares till November 18 as compared to 78.83 lakh hectares during
the corresponding period last year. Similarly , sown areas under pulses and
oilseeds have also recorded increase as compared to last year.

Though overall sown area (241.73 lakh hectares) as on last Friday was less as
compared to the corresponding period last year (243.38 lakh hectares), the
marginal decline can be attri

buted to the sowing of coarse cereals. The major rabi crops have, however,
reported increase in most of the states.

Pulses have been sown in 74.55 lakh hectares of land as on November 18 as
compared to 69.98 lakh hectares during the corresponding period last year.
Similarly , area under oilseeds was 56.16 lakh hectares as on November 18 as
compared to 48.74 lakh hectares in 2015.

\x93The decision to ban Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes was taken to curb black money
and corrup

tion. This is going to directly benefit the farmers and poor people. This
decision is being opposed for personal interests,\x93 Singh said while
highlighting various steps taken by the government to ease cash flow to farmers.

Highlighting various steps taken to ease cash flow to farmers, Singh said,
\x93Farmers are allowed to buy seeds with old Rs 500 notes at government outlets
as well as from agriculture universities. They have also been allowed to
withdraw up to Rs 25,000. \x93

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday
                               CHARLOTTE EDITION

Consultant: Fix the Peace River;
Money set aside for a phosphate mining study could help restore resource, he
says

BYLINE: By KATE SPINNER kate.spinner@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BCE1

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE COUNTY


Money put aside by three counties for a phosphate mining study might be better
used to fix the Peace River, a county consultant said Tuesday.

Charles Fletcher, a Tampa attorney hired to help the county protect Charlotte
Harbor, told commissioners Tuesday that damage to the Peace River watershed is
well documented in a recent study by the Department of Environmental Protection.

The study tracks the loss of 137,000 acres of wetlands and 340 miles of streams
to phosphate mining, agriculture and urban development in the river basin
between 1940 and 1999.

According to the study, the loss of wetlands and streams, combined with reduced
flow in the upper river, "impair the ability of the Peace River to provide
sustainable public water supplies."

Much of the region relies on the Peace River for drinking water. The 100-mile
river begins near Bartow and spills out into Charlotte Harbor.

The study provides basic recommendations for better protecting the river's
health, but a detailed management plan is still in the works.

That plan, which the DEP will present to the Legislature this year, will offer
specific recommendations for environmental restoration and changes in
regulation.

Rather than conduct another study right now, Fletcher told commissioners they
should consider spending their money to help fund the action plan.

Sarasota, Charlotte and Lee counties have pledged $500,000 each toward a $4
million federal study that would look at the way multiple phosphate mines change
the landscape and alter ground-water flow.

The state is supposed to review the impact of multiple mines on the environment
each time it issues a permit, but that hasn't always happened.

As a result, Charlotte County, with the help of Lee and Sarasota, spent $12
million in court cases to fight the mining industry.

The DEP study, which was mandated by the Legislature in 2003, resulted from an
early battle Charlotte fought with the state over the mining permits.

At the time, county leaders were also calling for the federal review, partly
because they did not trust the state to keep phosphate mines from harming the
Peace River basin.

Charlotte Commissioner Adam Cummings said it's important to discuss the idea of
allocating the money for the federal study elsewhere, but he said any decision
needs to include Lee and Sarasota counties.

"It's a regional effort," Cummings said.

Jon Thaxton, a Sarasota commissioner, said the phosphate study would be money
well spent, but he said there's no harm in looking at whether to use it for
specific projects.

"We need good reason, but we may have good reason," Thaxton said.

But Jim Cooper, a phosphate industry watch-dog, said the federal study is needed
in addition to the state study, even if counties change their minds on how to
spend the money.

The state study looks at the past and makes recommendations on restoration and
avoiding past mistakes. The federal study would look to the future and put plans
in place to prevent damage, Cooper said.

The state study also looks only at the Peace River, while a federal review would
include the Myakka River.

"The two things are very separate," Cooper said.

INFORMATION

The Peace River study presented by consultants to Charlotte County commissioners
Tuesday includes the following recommendations. Some recommendations may not
make it into the final management plan for the basin.

* Determine what regulations were in place and why they allowed 30,000 acres of
wetlands to be lost between 1979 and 1999.

* Reduce the amount of pollution that enters the Peace River from agriculture,
mining, and urban land uses.

* Change rules for phosphate mining permits so that reviews are done at the same
time on both runoff control and environmental impacts on the mine site.

* Enhance funding for programs to restore old mines that were dug before
environmental laws were in place.

* Put regulations in place to protect forests within the river's 100 year
floodplain.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Unfair playing field

BYLINE: PETER HUNT and SIMONE SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 431 words


WORLD DAIRY

US AND European governments are digging deep to deliver multi-million dollar aid
packages to their dairy farmers.

Just last month the US Department of Agriculture allocated $A320 million in
direct payments to farmers as part of a new Dairy Economic Loss Assistance
Payment Program.

The program will deliver a one-off payment of about $13,500 to a US dairy farm
with 220 cows.

The payments are on top of the $1.1 billion the USDA had already handed out in
2009 as part of its Dairy Product Price Support Program and Milk Income Loss
Contract program.

USDA officials estimate these additional programs increased dairy farmers'
revenue by about $267 million from August to October last year.

In the meantime, the European Commission agreed on December 4 to distribute $468
million in payments of up to $23,400 to its dairy farmers.

In its media statement at the time the EC stated: ``The money will have to be
allocated to individual farmers who are severely affected by the low dairy
prices of this summer and who encounter liquidity problems.''

Late last year the commission reported it expected to spend $937 million on
market measures this year.

``Allowing national authorities to pay farmers up to 15,000 euro ($23,400) in
aid should help overcome the serious cash-flow problems which some farmers are
experiencing,'' said EU Agriculture and Rural Development Commissioner Mariann
Fischer Boel.

``Added to the measures on offer at EU level, I believe this will help our milk
producers out of the current difficult situation.''

The Commission has generally moved away from direct market intervention towards
direct farmer payments.

In the meantime, the only form of direct assistance available to Victorian dairy
farmers has been $68m in exceptional circumstances drought support in 2008-09.

United Dairyfarmers of Victoria president Chris Griffin labelled the most recent
US and EU assistance as ``disappointing'' and said the direct farmer payments
meant its farmers didn't have to ``face the reality that our Victorian dairy
farmers have to''.

Australian Dairy Farmers president Wes Judd questioned the motivation behind the
latest round of money for dairy farmers.

``Is this part of the long-term restructure . . . to get them competitive to
deal with (their) business in a downturn, or is it just a short-term measure off
the back of hardship created in any particular year?'' he said.

The Federal Govenment has written to the USDA voicing concerns over the
payments.

Trade Minister Simon Crean said agricultural subsidies linked to prices and
production distort punish efficent farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 27, 2003 Sunday 1ST EDITION

So why do we need to borrow $ 10 billion?

BYLINE: Ed Quillen

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-06

LENGTH: 780 words


Our legislature was busy last week; among other business, the state  Senate was
debating a bill from Littleton Republican Sen. Jim Dyer  that would allow
issuing up to $ 10 billion in bonds to finance  water projects.

As of my deadline, the bill's fate was uncertain, but Dyer was  certain the
state needs to act. Otherwise, Front Range cities will  continue to buy farmers'
water rights, eventually acquiring all  agricultural water in Colorado and
turning the state into a maze of  cities and strip malls.

'If current economic conditions persist, they ultimately will  destroy
agriculture in Colorado,' he argued.

But is Colorado agriculture really that fragile? Does Colorado  really need more
water storage? How much and where? And where will  the water come from?

The other night, Aurora Mayor Paul Tauer was on TV, repeating the  mantra that
Colorado has the legal right to about a million  acre-feet a year, mostly on the
Western Slope, that flows to other  states because Colorado can't capture, store
and transport this  water to where it is needed.

A million acre-feet is a lot of water; it's about the same as the  annual
domestic consumption of Colorado's current population.

But where is this water? It wasn't around last year as the drought  continued -
if there had been surplus on the Western Slope, why  were Dillon, Green Mountain
and Blue Mesa reservoirs all so low?

The simple answer is that during a sequence of dry years, which is  when we need
the water, there is none to spare. There's also plenty  of storage capacity now,
since reservoirs are so low. It may take  years of above-average precipitation
to get full use of the  capacity already in place.

So building more storage capacity won't help to recover from this  drought. The
theory must be that Colorado should start construction  now in anticipation of
having more dams, canals, conduits, tunnels  and the like in a decade or so. For
those projects to be of any  use, though, we need a series of wet years in the
interim, so the  existing facilities are running at capacity and there remains
enough surplus water to justify this $ 10 billion investment.

Do you want to go to the bank and borrow on those assumptions?  That's what
we're talking about with $ 10 billion in  water-development bonds - borrowing a
lot of money, based on  assumptions about climate and demand 10 years down the
road.

And again, the question arises: Where will that water come from?  The current
buzz concerns the Upper Gunnison River. The state  government negotiated a deal
with the federal government concerning  reserved flow rights through Black
Canyon of the Gunnison National  Park.

In some eyes, this means that up to 240,000 acre-feet of water that  now flows
west might be diverted east. No court has ever determined  that this water is
available for diversion, and last week I asked  Greg Walcher about it.

He's the director of the Colorado Department of Natural Resources,  and one of
main negotiators of the Black Canyon agreement. 'You  know and I know that the
240,000 acre feet isn't available,' he  said. There have been proposals, like
the Union Park project, to  collect and divert some of this imaginary water,
'but I can assure  you that as long as Bill Owens is governor and I'm in this
job,  Union Park or one of its clones is not going to be built.'

So the governor's office, as well as the Western Slope, will fight  diverting
Gunnison water, if there is any, to Paul Tauer's Aurora  or anywhere else on the
Front Range. Gunnison River development is  politically impossible.

Where else? Gary Boyce had a plan to sell water from the Closed  Basin of the
northern San Luis Valley - but now that the Baca Ranch  is becoming part of
Great Sand Dunes National Park, that water  can't be developed.

What's left? Agriculture uses about 85 percent of all the water  developed in
Colorado. Towns and cities use from 6 to 8 percent. If  you doubled the urban
share to 15 percent, agriculture would still  have at least 75 percent of
Colorado's water supply.

There would still be farms and ranches and productive open space.  If we got
more sensible about how we developed, Colorado wouldn't  have to become the
generic suburban sprawl that Dyer seems to fear.  But that would require the
state government to take a serious look  at land use and transportation - and
hey, it's simpler just to talk  about borrowing money.

Ed Quillen of Salida (ed@cozine.com) is a former newspaper editor  whose column
appears Tuesday and Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Farmers can't cash in on bumper kharif crop

BYLINE: Joychen Joseph

SECTION: JAIPUR

LENGTH: 323 words


Jaipur: Though the Modi government's decision to demonetize high denomination
currencies have been lauded as a decisive step towards tackling black money, it
has come at a wrong time for the farmers.Since it's time for selling their
kharif crop, the Union government move has left farmers high and dry as many
agri markets are not fully functional after the announcement came due to cash
crunch.The flow of grains to agriculture mandis have been fallen drastically as
farmers are not sure of selling the produce.After two successive droughts,
farmers in the state have reaped a bumper kharif crop this year due to good
monsoon."All my plans have gone haywire as I don't know when I can sell my
produce," said Mohan Singh, a farmer."I had planned my daughter's marriage this
year after harvesting a bumper crop of ground nut. Everything now seems
uncertain," said Madanlal Saini, another farmer.Groundnuts, soya bean, maize and
bajra are the major kharif crops in Rajasthan.Bhagwan Sahai Jhatav, secretary of
the grain market in Udaipur, said, "The farmers don't have money even to pay for
transporting grains to the market. Besides they are not sure if their produce
can be sold in the market in the present scenario."Chunnilal Swami, secretary of
Anaj mandi in Biakner, said that "ground nuts and jowar are the major produce
but its arrival has slowed down considerably.

It seems the farmers who need cash are waiting for the situation to
stabilize.""The flow of grains to the market has slowed down after the
demonetisation of currencies. Since the Mandis were closed for two days on
Saturday and Sunday, the full impact can be assessed only on Monday," said
Dinesh Kumar Yadav, director. Rajasthan Agriculture Marketing Federation
(RAMF).He said that about 50% of the payment in agriculture mandis under the
federation was paid in cash. The cash crunch has definitely impacted sales in
mandis, he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            East Anglian Daily Times

                           January 21, 2017 Saturday

Mixed results in RPA study

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: EACO

LENGTH: 509 words


Ten per cent of farmers have still not been paid their subsidies for 2016, a
survey suggests.

A survey of 300 National Farmers' Union (NFU) members from across the country is
revealing a mixed picture on the performance of the Rural Payments Agency (RPA),
which delivers more than £2bn worth of payments to farmers each year as part of
the European Union Common Agricultural Policy (CAP).



The sample of farmers, representing all sectors of the industry, were asked when
their payments were received and what impact any delays had on them and their
business.

So far, the results show that 90% of respondents have been paid indicating a
much improved performance by the RPA compared to the previous year.

Of the 2016 claimants, 10% have still not been paid, which has hit cash flows,
leading to the need to borrow more money,  having problems paying bills, or
selling stock or crops earlier than planned.

Five per cent of those paid their 2016 claim noted a shortfall in what they
expected to be paid, and 11% still had outstanding payment or claims issues from
the 2015 application year.

NFU vice president and Guy Smith, who farms at St Osyth, near Clacton, said:
"These early stage results show that despite a commendable effort by the RPA to
get BPS money out to cash-strapped farmers, there is clear evidence that the RPA
is still stretched. As we move into 2017 it seems the pace of payment has
significantly dropped away to a dribble leaving those in the unpaid 10% worried
about cash flow and feeling clueless about when they will see their BPS. We have
been calling for some time now for bridging payments for those not paid by the
end of January.

"In light of these survey results we repeat these calls. Furthermore, the level
of clear up work left over from 2015 is unacceptably large - in effect the RPA
have more than 8000 customers who for some reason still haven't concluded their
2015 application 18 months after submission. That is far too many for comfort."

A survey of 300 National Farmers' Union (NFU) members from across the country is
revealing a mixed picture on the performance of the Rural Payments Agency (RPA),
which delivers more than £2bn worth of payments to farmers each year as part of
the European Union Common Agricultural Policy (CAP).

The sample of farmers, representing all sectors of the industry, were asked when
their payments were received and what impact any delays had on them and their
business.

So far, the results show that 90% of respondents have been paid indicating a
much improved performance by the RPA compared to the previous year.

Of the 2016 claimants, 10% have still not been paid, which has hit cash flows,
leading to the need to borrow more money,  having problems paying bills, or
selling stock or crops earlier than planned.

Five per cent of those paid their 2016 claim noted a shortfall in what they
expected to be paid, and 11% still had outstanding issues from the 2015
application year.

NFU vice president and Guy Smith, who farms near Clacton, said: "There is clear
evidence that the RPA is still stretched."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2017 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Mont. officials: $300K due in checkoff funds

BYLINE: Tom Lutey Forum News Service

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 422 words


BILLINGS, Mont. -- Montana officials say the North Dakota pulse crop industry is
holding onto $300,000 collected from Montana farmers that should be returned to
the state.Montana agriculture officials say the money, collected by North Dakota
elevators, was supposed to promote Montana's growing pea and lentil business.
But the cash hasn't made it back.At issue is a 1 percent checkoff fee farmers
pay when delivering their crops for sale.

Elevators on either side of the Montana-North Dakota border have collected the
fee from farmers of either state for years. Normally, the money has been sent
back to the state where the crops were grown."The money pays into international
marketing, domestic marketing. It pays for research and for trade teams to visit
Montana," said Kim Falcon, Montana Department of Agriculture bureau chief of
agricultural development and marketing. "Basically, it pays for all of the work
associated with increasing production of pulse acres in the state and
marketing."But in 2014, the North Dakota Dry Pea and Lentil Council informed
Montana that the state would no longer automatically receive its share of
checkoff money. North Dakota elevators would continue to charge Montana farmers,
but the farmers would have to fill out an application to get the money back. If
the North Dakota Dry Pea and Lentil Council granted the farmer's request, the
money would then be returned.In some cases, Montana farmers delivering peas and
lentils in North Dakota are being doubled billed, once for the North Dakota
checkoff and once for Montana.The pea fees became an irritant back in 2007 when
Montana farmers began growing more peas and lentils. At the time, Montana was
third in the nation for pulse crop production. North Dakota and the Palouse
region of Eastern Washington and Northern Idaho was second. In just a few years,
Montana expanded its pea and lentil acres from 400,000 to 701,000, the most of
any state.That bulge in Montana pea and lentil production increased the number
of Eastern Montana farm trucks hauling pulse crops over the state line for sale
in North Dakota. Despite its increased production, Montana still didn't have
many elevators buying pulse crops. The quickest trip to market for farmers in
northeast Montana was a North Dakota elevator, Falcon said.

The more Montana peas and lentils arrived in North Dakota, the more checkoff
dollars became an issue. In a memo issued Monday, Montana agriculture officials
said the state may be forced to sue if checkoff dollars don't flow west again.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 2, 1986, Saturday, Final Edition

21 Md. Counties Called Disaster Areas;
Local Officials Complain That Federal Declaration Won't Help Many Farmers

BYLINE: By Zita Arocha, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 618 words


Federal agricultural officials, seeking to ease the financial strain for
Maryland farmers whose crops are languishing in the months-long drought, have
declared most of the state a disaster area, but local officials said the
emergency programs would not benefit the majority of farmers.

In his announcement Thursday, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Richard Lyng said
the emergency designation for 21 of Maryland's 23 counties would entitle farmers
there to apply for low-interest government loans. The affected counties include
Montgomery, Prince George's, Howard, Anne Arundel and those in southern
Maryland.

Local farm officials said, however, that the program would aid only those
farmers who already were in financial difficulty and cannot secure private
loans.

Lyng also announced federal programs yesterday to help farmers across the nation
buy grain and feed at government-subsidized reduced prices and another program
to increase by 10 percent federal funds for farmers who are in financial
difficulty.

On Tuesday, Lyng declared 17 Virginia counties disaster areas, and the state has
requested federal assistance for 34 other counties. Virginia officials have
estimated crop losses in the hard-hit counties, including Loudoun and Prince
William, at $200 million.

A county is declared a disaster area if at least 30 percent of crop production
is lost.

Maryland officials predict the drought, now in its seventh month and the worst
in the Southeast in 100 years, will reduce crop production statewide by 50
percent and will leave at least one-third of the state's 18,000 farmers in
serious financial trouble.

The U.S. Geological Survey said yesterday that some stream flows in Maryland and
Virginia have set record lows during July. The flow of the Potomac River near
Washington averaged 1.7 billion gallons a day, about 34 percent below the July
average, according to survey officials.

Last month also marked the seventh consecutive month that stream flows in
Virginia were below normal, survey officials said. The James River flow at
Cartersville, Va., was 35 percent below the July average and the Nottoway River
near Sebrell, Va., was 80 percent below average.

Under the disaster emergency program now in effect in most of Maryland and the
17 counties in Virginia, a financially stricken farmer can borrow up to $100,000
at 5 percent and an additional $500,000 at 8 percent.

"It sounds a whole lot better than it may be in reality," said Jack Matthews, a
spokesman for the Maryland Farm Bureau.

Matthews, whose organization represents 14,400 farmers, said the federal offer
of disaster aid will benefit only farmers who are already in financial trouble
because of a federal regulation that requires them to be turned down by at least
one commercial lender before being eligible for a 5 percent loan from the
Farmer's Home Administration.

Most farmers will have to borrow money at significantly higher interest rates
from commercial lenders, Matthews said.

Bob Walker, executive assistant to Maryland Secretary of Agriculture Wayne
Cawley, said some farmers will benefit from the low-interest government loans.

"I don't want to generalize, but there are some farmers out there who are in a
desperate way," he said.

Some farmers are making ends meet.

Pat and Conrad Langenfelder grow corn and soy beans on about 1,100 acres of
farmland in Howard County. Pat Langenfelder said they have enough savings in the
bank to pay back the loans they took out this year to plant their crops, but she
fears another year like this one could financially ruin them because by then
their savings would be gone.

"I feel we'll be able to weather the storm," she said. "But it's going to hurt."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Conrad and Pat Langenfilder examine stunted corn crop at
Howard County farm. BY JAMES M. THRESHER -- THE WASHINGTON POST

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday

State's water woes get $4 million boost;

BYLINE: ART HOVEY

SECTION: NEBRASKA; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 578 words


Water is precious to Nebraska agriculture, and so is the money that flows to
solve water problems.

That should help explain the energy in Steve Chick's voice Friday as he reacted
to an announcement that will bring $4 million to the state from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

"I think it's extremely significant, especially considering the challenges that
irrigators and NRDs are facing in the Republican and Platte River basins," said
Chick, state conservationist for the Natural Resources Conservation Service.

Nebraska's share of water help comes from the $19.7 million headed to 28
projects in 10 states.

The broad in-state target of the latest funding support offered under the
Agricultural Water Enhancement Program is both water quantity and quality
problems along the two rivers and also within the boundaries of the York-based
Upper Big Blue Natural Resources District.

But the biggest attention grabber might be ongoing efforts to cut back enough on
irrigation along the Platte to restore fish and bird habitat and along the
Republican to meet Nebraska's obligations under the Republican River Compact.

The stakes are high in both cases.

If too few farmers accept financial incentives to cut irrigation along the
Platte in central Nebraska back to 1997 levels - in keeping with a cooperative
agreement with Colorado and Wyoming - all irrigators there could face pumping
restrictions, said Milt Moravek of the Central Platte NRD in Grand Island.

But Moravek thinks the $2 million headed toward the Ogallala-Platte River
Recovery Project from the overall $4 million improves chances of a continuing
voluntary approach.

"This is all willing buyerwilling seller," he said, "and there's no eminent
domain or condemnation used. And we feel like we're getting enough takers that
we'll be able to get back to fully appropriated west of Elm Creek without
adopting any other regulations."

That represents progress from the over-appropriated designation put in place by
the Nebraska Department of Natural Resources several years ago.

Water conservation results along the Republican could have a big influence on
the outcome of the dispute between Kansas and Nebraska that Kansas recently
decided to take to the U.S. Supreme Court.

Chick said better irrigation efficiency, through such means as converting
gravity irrigation systems to center-pivot, also matters.

"We're just hoping that, voluntarily, we will have enough landowners participate
that we can meet these challenging goals," he said.

The Lower Republican Agricultural Water Enhancement Program will get $999,000 of
the USDA money. The remaining $1 million goes to the Upper Big Blue Groundwater
Quality and Supply Conservation Project.

Chick said Nebraska's unique system of assigning groundwater responsibilities to
23 natural resources districts across the state has helped leverage federal
dollars.

"They have the staff and the proven ability to manage projects like this," he
said.

Ed Cook, a retired attorney living in Kearney and owner of previously irrigated
land along the Platte in Dawson County, is among those who have accepted
financial incentives to give up rights to some surface water.

That should add to the flows in Strever Creek that eventually go to the Platte
near Overton.

"We'd all like to contribute if we can," Cook said, "if it doesn't hurt us
individually too much. It's one of those things where you'd always like to help,
but at what cost?"

Reach Art Hovey at 402-473-7223 or ahovey@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                          September 28, 2002 Saturday

Final flood-control project to be completed using federal funds

BYLINE: JOE FLORKOWSKI, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 557 words


San Bernardino County officials will receive more than $5 million in federal
funds to complete the final of three flood-control projects that they say will
help protect dairies from the kind of flooding that devastated them in 1998.

The county Board of Supervisors approved an agreement with the United States
Department of Agriculture last Tuesday and will receive up to $5.6 million to
construct a storm drain to catch urban runoff along Euclid Avenue.

The storm drain is the final of three projects that county and dairy officials
believe will keep water from flowing onto dairies.

"It's going to protect properties to the south,' said Ken Miller, county
director of public works. "It's just the last piece we needed.'

County officials have worked with USDA officials since El Nino created
significant problems for dairies and water bodies in the San Bernardino County
Dairy Preserve in 1998. That year, heavy rains drenched the Inland Valley and
runoff from foothill cities flowed south.

The water poured down into the dairies, killing cows and and causing other
problems for dairy owners, said Bob Feenstra, executive director of Chino-based
Milk Producers Council.

The rains also posed a water quality problem for Orange County residents who use
the Santa Ana River for drinking water. Polluted water from the dairies poured
into the Prado Basin and into the Santa Ana River.

So, county officials worked with the USDA and received more than $5 million in
funding to construct a catch basin on the southwest corner of Riverside Drive
and Grove Avenue. The drain began operation in March 2000.

The USDA followed that project by providing nearly $5 million in funding last
year for a second flood-control project to be constructed along Riverside Drive.
That project is still being designed.

County officials will begin to plan the final flood-control project next year,
Miller said.

The proposed storm drain will collect water from Sultana Avenue and Philadelphia
Street in Ontario, Miller said. The water will then be sent west to Euclid
Avenue. The water will then flow south down Euclid into the Cypress Channel, he
said.

The Cypress Channel flows into Prado Basin which sends water into the Santa Ana
River.

The final project will also use money to construct three-foot retaining walls
for Cypress Channel to increase capacity, Miller said.

The county did not plan on receiving the money for the third project this year,
Miller said.

"It was a pleasant surprise,' he said.

The entire project is expected to cost nearly $7 million with the county putting
in matching funds, Miller said.

The money for the third project only became available in recent weeks, said Jim
Earsom, district conservationist with the USDA.

Since the federal government's fiscal year ends Sept. 30, the county and USDA
had to piece together the agreement between the two parties in the past two
months, Earsom said.

"We didn't know if we'd get it done,' he said.

USDA and the county were able to get the agreement done in time, he said.

Earsom said dairy owners have been pleased with the impact of the first flood
control project, the Grove Avenue Catch Basin, he said.

This final project will help even more, he said.

"It's the final piece of the umbrella,' Earsom said. "I think it will be real
effective.'

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Cash flow issues lie ahead

LENGTH: 696  words


No matter how you look at things, this is not going to be an easy winter for
farmers.

Thanks to a good October the start of winter has been delayed for livestock
farmers - but there is no escape from the reality that cash flow will be an
issue on many farms over the coming months. This reflects the squeeze created by
poor commodity prices and a big reduction in the sterling value of single
payments. A drop in the cost of feeding livestock will not offset those - hence
the reason that cash will be tight.

Right across Europe poor grain prices have taken the gloss off a good harvest;
beef prices have recovered slightly, but only from a very low base, and the
euphoria of last year about milk prices has given way to a weary resignation
that recovery is still a long way in the future. This will be felt over the
coming months, and when farmers stop spending the entire rural economy suffers.

Some of these problems made it onto the agenda of the farm council. But with the
industry close to crisis for key commodities, it was bizarre that these issues
were well down the agenda. It was not quite a case of Nero playing the fiddle
while Rome burned - even if the instrument was not invented for 1500 years after
this was supposed to have happened. But the Italian EU presidency did opt to
begin with a debate about the potential contribution of agriculture and food to
an EU 2020 plan for economic growth and employment. Time was spent discussing
how yet more committees could take this forward, with ministers apparently
forgetting that the challenge for many is survival now, rather than a political
dream plan for the future.

Ministers also agreed a new strategy for promoting European food. In some ways
the outgoing farm commissioner, Dacian Ciolos, let the cat out of the bag when
he said this was about creating a situation where made in Europe' became a badge
of quality around the world. The plan for agri-food promotion is about putting a
lot more money behind it, but ultimately decision making will move from member
states to a blueprint Brussels approach. It might be a cynical response, but it
is hard to believe products promoted as having come from the EU will have the
global appeal of national identities. There will be more European money for
promotions but this will come with a lot more red tape attached.

Towards the end of the day - just before they toasted farewell to Dacian Ciolos
with a few bottles of Romanian red wine - ministers finally turned to the
economic problems confronting the dairy industry across Europe. It is in a
classic economic squeeze between global over production, weak demand and the
impact of the Russian trade ban. This is hitting milk prices everywhere, but is
even more serious in countries that had a regular export trade to Russia,
including Finland, Poland and the Baltic states. There have been hopes in the
industry for some time that the scale of the crisis might tempt the European
Commission back into export refunds. Poland made a strong case for these to try
to clear the market, but the meeting delivered proof that these are off the
agenda for good. Ciolos dismissed them as an old fashioned solution' and he made
clear there would be no going back. There might be some lingering hopes that the
incoming Irish farm commissioner, Phil Hogan, might be more enthusiastic about
export refunds - but those would be very slim hopes indeed.

Instead the meeting brought promises of additional direct aid for the countries
worse affected by the Russian ban. This will do nothing to help farmers
elsewhere by clearing stock off an over-supplied European dairy commodity
market. This underlines why a difficult winter lies ahead, with no evidence yet
of when there might be a global recovery in dairy prices. For that to happen
they have to stop falling, so that China and others will come back into the
market - and there is no proof yet the bottom of the downturn has been reached.
The meeting also brought a warning that additional funds from outside the CAP
will be needed to head off the impact of the Russian ban. That is a call
national governments committed to tough action against Russia will not be able
to ignore.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Note ban threatens to change rural narrative

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: India


India, Dec. 30 -- The cash crunch and the resultant shock to the rural economy
are threatening to undo the feel good factor created by better monsoon rains and
the prospects of a record kharif harvest. Channel checks and ground reports by
analysts say perishable crops have seen a sharp drop in prices.

Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd's visit to Gujarat shows that the downward
pressure on crop prices is due to higher production of kharif crop, not
demonetization. But JM Financial Institutional Securities Ltd's ground report
from seven states points out that the price drop is not entirely due to the rise
in kharif crop production. Agricultural markets saw a sharp drop in trading
volumes and liquidity constraints impacted realisations. Small farmers who
require funds and lack access to banking facilities sold their agriculture
produce at a discount. "Our interactions across villages clearly highlighted
that liquidity challenges led decline in mandi trading, impacting realisations
for the Kharif crop. The adverse impact on income has been more prominent in the
case of small/marginal farmers," JM Financial said in a note. The reduced cash
flow combined with a slowdown in economic activity (reducing non-farm incomes),
has led to cuts in farmer income estimates for the current fiscal. JM Financial
qualifies that the estimated growth in small farmers' income is still better
than the actual rise in recent years. But the estimates are based on
normalization of cash flow by the current crop (rabi) harvest. Expectations are
that a good winter crop will ease cash flow pressures and bring normalcy back to
the rural economy. But the recovery may not be straightforward. Ambit Capital
Pvt. Ltd's interactions with agriculture commodity traders show that
non-perishable commodities have seen purchases in large quantities by people to
park unaccounted money. As the winter crop harvest hits markets, traders expect
these hoarders to offload goods, potentially impacting prices, Ambit Capital
says. That said, demonetization has healthy approval rates and has raised
expectations of a change in policy execution (like less corruption), JM
Financial says. According to reports, cheques and digital payments are gaining
traction. But if the current pressures do not ease and price correction fears
play out, then consumption in the rural economy can be hit, warranting relief
measures by the government. Channel checks by IIFL Institutional Equities found
that demand for agriculture inputs have come under pressure. JM Financial heard
instances of farmers using lower quality seeds and agro-chemicals. Large farmer
families are said to have reduced consumption. Elara Securities (India) Pvt.
Ltd, which visited Kisan Agri Fair at Pune, says farmers are down-trading in
consumer staples due to lack of liquidity. Many of them do not plan to invest in
farm equipment and this had made dealers a worried lot. Of course, these reports
do not cover all of India and the situation can change with a rise in cash
levels in the economy. But if normalcy does not return quickly, earnings of
companies dependent on the rural economy can be hit.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2016 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               September 13, 2010
                              Business Day Edition

Confidence in agri-business soars

BYLINE: HOPEWELL RADEBE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 415  words


Confidence in agri-business soars

Land and Agriculture Editor

ALTHOUGH the agricultural sector's confidence level in the third quarter is 53%
higher than the same quarter last year, it was less than the second quarter of
this year, indicating that agri-businesses are under pressure from cash-flow
problems.

Confidence is measured quarterly by the Agricultural Business Chamber and the
Industrial Development Corporation through their quarterly ABC/IDC agribusiness
confidence index.

The index, constructed from 10 subindices, represents the perceptions and
expectations of agri-businesses serving all industries within the sector.

Lindie Stroebel, economic intelligence manager at the Agricultural Business
Chamber, said last week that the 5% fall in confidence since the previous
quarter was of concern as it "took away" from the excitement of the year-on-year
increase.

The index has been measured at a time when the higher volumes of grain
production have compensated for lower commodity prices and have brought about a
general increase in turnover.

Ms Stroebel said farmers are making less money and this directly inhibits their
ability to invest in improved technology and other means of enhancing their
efficiency.

"Farmers' ability to repay their production loans also comes under threat," she
said.

"One would expect that the relatively lower interest rates would enable lower
financing costs and debtor provision for bad debt, but the farmers' cash-flow
problems, due to the low commodity prices, also reflect on that of the
agri-businesses."

Agri-businesses' balance sheets are largely dependent on their clients' ability
to pay, which is directly determined by their earnings. "The cash-flow
challenges would lead to capital expenditure, employment and debtors being very
closely monitored and managed," Ms Stroebel said.

"It is now more important than ever to keep the cost of doing business and the
cost of production as low as possible."

Lack of excitement in the agri-business sector is attributed to the continued
weakening of the euro, which is adding strain to the earnings of SA's exporting
industries, especially when exporting to European Union countries.

The index suggests that long-term intervention will be required to stimulate the
export industry.

It also suggests that certain exporting industries have benefited from the
exporting environment, which improved somewhat compared with the same time last
year, which stimulated turnover and income to some extent.

radebeh@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Carbon tax an "extreme intervention": PGA

BYLINE: JEAN EKEROTH

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 579 words


UNCERTAINTY surrounding the flow-on effects of the carbon tax continues after
Prime Minister Julia Gillard's announcement on Sunday. WAFarmers senior
vice-president and carbon spokesperson Dale Park said as it stood, it would not
have a great impact on farmers. He said it would depend on each individual and
he would have to wait and see what happened when the scheme started operating in
July 2012. But the Pastoralists and Graziers Association (PGA) has slammed the
tax describing it as "incoherent' and "destructive not only to agriculture but
to the livelihoods of ordinary Australians". PGA climate spokesperson Leon
Bradley said the government would not get any money they had not first taken off
somebody else. "So you need to find out where the money is coming from and work
out how much you're losing on one side and how much you're picking up on the
other side," Mr Bradley said.

"But if you're accepting a subsidy or grant for something that has no value in
the market, it's an activity that can't be justified in the long-term by real
demand from real people in the market and therefore it will stop as soon as it
stops being subsidised. "It's impossible for anyone to say where this will
finish up because the economy is so complex." Mr Park said the heavy haulage
fuel exemption would take the pressure of rising transport costs for the first
two years but that could change. "I don't say it'll be forever as they'll change
the rules on us at some stage but for the foreseeable future, the exemptions are
there and they are encouraging," Mr Park said. "We're thankful for the
moratorium for two years but we reckon it should be a lot longer because it's
going to affect country people more than anybody." He said the other flow-on
costs could also be a problem. "But it's going to be mainly in the processing
sector, so the meat and dairy industries are going to have to watch that
closely," Mr Park said. He said everyone, including the government, expected the
price of food to go up. "Our experience as farmers is as soon as things get
tight, they don't actually put the price up to consumers but actually rip the
money out of us, so that's where we think we'll end up paying the cost," Mr Park
said. Uncertainly also surrounds the eligibility of farmers to access the new
funding programs. "There's a $150 million fund for the food industry, but I
think that dairy farmers, pork producers and people like that can argue they are
the food industry," Mr Park said. "They keep talking about planting trees which
I have got some real problems with because if you keep planting enough trees to
make a difference, you won't have much agriculture left to grow food." Mr Park
said the 15 per cent rebate on no-till machinery would not have a big effect in
WA as graingrowers already used minimum-till. "But again, the devil will be in
the detail," Mr Park said. "I'm unsure whether people will be able to buy new
machinery using that to replace their old minimum-till machinery." Mr Bradley
said the measures would do nothing for climate change. "To achieve the emission
reduction the government claims it is going to achieve by 2020 requires the
equivalent of taking three times the number of vehicles Australia has on the
road now, off the road," he said. "Farmers aren't going to escape this because
they say farmers are responsible for 20 to 40 per cent of Australia's emissions
and as the easy targets are knocked over, they will go for the next easy soft
target.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                    February 14, 2001 Wednesday 1ST EDITION

Farmers group sees seeds of disaster Rising costs for energy hit profits hard

BYLINE: By Steve Raabe, Denver Post Business Writer,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 616 words


Colorado's farmers and others across the nation face a  catastrophic drop in
income because of soaring energy and  fertilizer prices, an agriculture group
said Tuesday.

Already beset with low crop prices, farmers could face an  additional decline of
20 percent in net farm income over the next  two years without an emergency
infusion of federal aid, according  to the Food and Agricultural Policy Research
Institute at the  University of Missouri.

The policy group said in a report to Congress that farmers  may be hit with an
income loss of $ 9 billion by 2003 before  commodity prices are expected to
rise, helping turn around the  farm sector.

'I'm very concerned,' said vegetable grower Bob Sakata,  president of
Brighton-based Sakata Farms. 'Our cash flow was way  off last year because of
energy costs, and this year we'll be hit  with a double whammy because of higher
fertilizer costs.'

Natural gas is used in the manufacture of nitrogen-based  fertilizer. Many
Colorado farmers also use natural gas to fuel  irrigation pumps that supply
center-pivot sprinklers.

'There's no question that given the higher input costs and  lower commodity
prices, I will lose money this year,' said Steve  Scott of Scott Farm
Enterprises in Burlington, a grower of wheat,  corn and beans.

Scott said his cost for anhydrous ammonia, a common farm  fertilizer, has risen
to $ 425 a ton this year from $ 255 a ton last  year.

Speakers at the Colorado Agricultural Outlook Forum held  Tuesday in Denver said
it is probable that Congress will include  more emergency aid in a current farm
bill.

'Congress will address the issue,' said Barry Flinchbaugh,  chairman of the
Commission on 21st Century Production Agriculture  and a farm economist at
Kansas State University.

'Clearly the cloud on the horizon is energy costs,' said  Flinchbaugh, a keynote
speaker at the agriculture forum. 'The  average farmer cannot absorb these
higher costs.'

Colorado Agriculture Commissioner Don Ament said his  discussions with the
state's farmers show that energy and  fertilizer costs are a big concern.

'Nobody anticipated the types of increases we've seen in  natural gas prices on
top of low crop prices,' Ament said. 'You  don't have to be too much of a
dreamer to put all this together  and see that it spells trouble.'

Farmers received $ 8 billion in emergency aid last year.  Congress will begin
hearings this month on a long-term overhaul of  farm policy that includes
proposals for a new system for  subsidizing growers when crop income is down.

The report released Tuesday estimates that net farm income  will drop from $
45.4 billion last year to $ 39.6 billion in 2001  and $ 36.3 billion in 2002
before starting to turn around in the  following years as commodity prices rise.

Farm income peaked at $ 55 billion in 1996.

Government payments have been soaring since then, topping $ 22  billion last
year - triple what they were in 1996.

The cost of fuel that farmers need for tractors, combines and  irrigation
equipment jumped 31 percent last year, according to the  report.

Prices may drop slightly in coming months, but growers are  expected to be hit
this year with a 33 percent cost increase for  fertilizer, the congressionally
funded institute reported.

Meanwhile, the price of corn has averaged less than $ 2 a  bushel without a
significant increase for several years.

Cattle producers are in the best shape, in part because of  rising beef
consumption and the low grain prices, which result in  lower feed costs.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Denver Post file photo/John Epperson Higher energy prices affect
farmers in many ways. Natural gas is used to fuel irrigation pumps that supply
center-pivot sprinklers like this one. The cost of fuel for tractors, combines
and irrigation equipment jumped 31 percent in 2000.

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 23, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Giambra plan for zoo called flawed Comptroller says county lacks cash

BYLINE: By Matthew Spina - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 500 words


Joel A. Giambra says he has a plan to get millions in county aid to the Buffalo
Zoo for its rainforest exhibit, even if the Legislature and Comptroller Mark C.
Poloncarz continue their impasse with the state-appointed control board.

Poloncarz, however, says the county executive's idea won't work. So the
situation is not changing, for the zoo and for other institutions expecting
county money. The zoo faces interest costs of $28,000 a month on the line of
credit it secured so it could pay its rainforest contractors.

The county's decision-makers are haggling over who will borrow money for the zoo
project and for other major items.

The control board wants to supplant Poloncarz in his traditional role as the
government's borrowing agent, at least for the next loan. The Legislature has
not allowed the control board to step in, because lawmakers don't see a need for
the board to exist for the decades it will take to repay the debt.

During the stalemate, neither Poloncarz nor the control board has authority to
borrow the $52 million aimed at repairs and improvement projects. Until that
changes, the county is not providing repair money for Erie Community College,
Erie County Medical Center, the fire training academy and the zoo's developing
exhibit.

Giambra is unfazed by a U.S. Department of Agriculture report that said a better
level of care may have prevented the deaths of three polar bears over the past
16 months. He says the institution deserves the $4 million county officials
promised for the exhibit.

In a letter to Poloncarz, he said the zoo can be paid with cash now in the
government's operating fund, then the fund can be replenished when officials
settle the matter and borrow their $52 million.

Poloncarz won't go for it. There won't be enough cash on hand to pay the zoo and
still meet the government's early January payroll, he said.

"Maybe he doesn't understand this stuff," Poloncarz said.

Giambra said that when he views Poloncarz's cash-flow statements he sees enough
money to advance to the zoo and the fire-training tower.

"He's chosen not to because he wants to create a crisis to get to do the
borrowing," Giambra said. "He's playing keep-away with the control board, which
was playing keep-away with me for two years."

Zoo Director Donna M. Fernandes said she can only hope officials settle the
matter as soon as possible, or at least by January. That's when she expects the
zoo will have drawn its entire $4 million line of credit, and its interest costs
will rise to $28,000 a month.

The impasse also threatens the $15 million that county government must provide
the medical center by year's end under a court-approved agreement that spells
out county aid to the hospital.

The county faces costly penalties if it misses its obligation, but Poloncarz
said he may argue that the government should be freed from its burden since a
state initiative to close hospitals has changed ECMC's status and its ability to
use the money for its intended purpose.

e-mail: mspina@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Montana says North Dakota owes $300,000 in checkoff funds for pulse crops

BYLINE: Lisa Gibson, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Aug. 13--BILLINGS, Mont. -- Montana officials say the North Dakota pulse crop
industry is holding onto $300,000 collected from Montana farmers that should be
returned to the state.

Montana agriculture officials say the money, collected by North Dakota
elevators, was supposed to promote Montana's growing pea and lentil business.
But the cash hasn't made it back.

At issue is a 1 percent checkoff fee farmers pay when delivering their crops for
sale. Elevators on either side of the Montana-North Dakota border have collected
the fee from farmers of either state for years. Normally, the money has been
sent back to the state where the crops were grown.

"The money pays into international marketing, domestic marketing. It pays for
research and for trade teams to visit Montana," said Kim Falcon, Montana
Department of Agriculture bureau chief of agricultural development and
marketing. "Basically, it pays for all of the work associated with increasing
production of pulse acres in the state and marketing."

But in 2014, the North Dakota Dry Pea and Lentil Council informed Montana that
the state would no longer automatically receive its share of checkoff money.
North Dakota elevators would continue to charge Montana farmers, but the farmers
would have to fill out an application to get the money back. If the North Dakota
Dry Pea and Lentil Council granted the farmer's request, the money would then be
returned.

In some cases, Montana farmers delivering peas and lentils in North Dakota are
being doubled billed, once for the North Dakota checkoff and once for Montana.

The pea fees became an irritant back in 2007 when Montana farmers began growing
more peas and lentils. At the time, Montana was third in the nation for pulse
crop production. North Dakota and the Palouse region of Eastern Washington and
Northern Idaho was second. In just a few years, Montana expanded its pea and
lentil acres from 400,000 to 701,000, the most of any state.

That bulge in Montana pea and lentil production increased the number of Eastern
Montana farm trucks hauling pulse crops over the state line for sale in North
Dakota. Despite its increased production, Montana still didn't have many
elevators buying pulse crops. The quickest trip to market for farmers in
northeast Montana was a North Dakota elevator, Falcon said.

The more Montana peas and lentils arrived in North Dakota, the more checkoff
dollars became an issue. In a memo issued Monday, Montana agriculture officials
said the state may be forced to sue if checkoff dollars don't flow west again.

___ (c)2015 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150813-AW-Montana-says-North-Dakota-owes-300,000-in-checkoff-funds-for-pulse-c
rops-0813-20150813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2015 Agweek


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 2, 1995, Thursday, City Edition

MADD glitch leads to fruitful spring, lean fall

BYLINE: STEPHEN NOHLGEN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 683 words



During September and October, the national headquarters of Mothers Against
Drunk Driving gained next to nothing from its fund-raising campaigns and sent
only small amounts of money to its state chapters.

Residents haven't lost their concern about drunken driving. When  telemarketers
call and solicit contributions to MADD, people still open their  wallets.

But a quirk in giving patterns in the spring led MADD and its telemarketing
company to overestimate cash flow for this fall.

The telemarketer made out okay. In fact, MADD headquarters paid $ 1-million  in
telemarketing bills in June that otherwise would have been paid later.

For MADD, however, the miscalculation created two lean months.

In an Oct. 6 memo, MADD's executive director, Dean Wilkerson, advised state
chapters to "look at further ways you might tighten your belts and also delay
incurring discretionary expenses."

Judy Alexander, MADD's executive director for Florida, said the state's
anti-drunken-driving programs will not be affected. Florida MADD has salted
away enough reserve money to help finance local programs for months, she said.

But Florida Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford's office, responding to a  few
complaints, is going to investigate, a spokesman said Wednesday.

"We are going to review the contract" between MADD and its national
telemarketing company, said Terry McElroy. "We are going to get to the bottom
of it."

That's unnecessary, said national MADD spokeswoman Marla Chaloupka. MADD is
receiving exactly the share of donations it is supposed to receive. The
telemarketer, Pennsylvania-based Reese Brothers, is being paid according to
contract.

"There has been no wrongdoing by MADD. The (revenue projection) error made  by
Reese Brothers is not a violation of the law, and all documents related to
Reese Brothers raising funds on behalf of MADD have already been sent to the
Florida Department of Agriculture."

Reese Brothers deferred comment to MADD.

Here's what happened, Chaloupka said:

During a telemarketing campaign in April, May and June, donors sent in  pledge
money more quickly that usual. MADD isn't sure why, Chaloupka said, but  the
group was offering donors a grilling cookbook as an incentive. Perhaps  donors
wanted the cookbook in time for summer cookouts, she said.

In any case, a lot of money flowed in and MADD used $ 1-million of it to pay
telemarketing bills to Reese. By July, August and September, however, the  early
spring payments had an opposite effect. Usually a spring campaign  generates a
flow of money through the fall. But because so many spring donors  paid their
pledges quickly, little was left for the fall, Chaloupka said.

Reese officials did not predict the fall dropoff. And it wasn't until Sept.  27
that Reese officials explained that the spring bonanza was caused by early
collections, not extra donations, Chaloupka said.

"But there's nothing sinister here," she said.

The $ 1-million MADD paid Reese in June would have come due later anyway,  she
said. Reese's initial projections pegged MADD's net telemarketing revenues  at $
11-million during the fiscal year that began July 1. But that was simply a
mistake, she said. The current projection of $ 10-million accurately reflects
what donations should be.

Palm Harbor lawyer Tom Carey and St. Petersburg resident Vicki Gilbert,  past
presidents of the Pinellas County MADD chapter, weren't so sure. This  week,
they sent letters to state Rep. R. Z. "Sandy" Safley, R-Clearwater,  asking for
an investigation. Safley forwarded those letters to Crawford.

In an August report to Florida's Agriculture Department, Reese reported  that it
collected $ 26-million in nationwide donations in the 12 months ending  last
June. After expenses, national MADD headquarters netted about $ 10-million  of
that and turned over about $ 8-million to state chapters.

About one-third of Florida MADD's budget comes from national fund-raising
campaigns, Alexander said. State and local chapters raise most of their own
money.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; TAMPA TODAY

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                October 20, 2013

'Why Fortune of Civil Service Is Dwindling' [interview]

BYLINE: Terkula Igidi

LENGTH: 1276 words


is a Permanent Secretary in Benue State. In this interview with

, he spoke on the rot in the civil service, the role of politicians and the
politics of his home state among others. Excerpts:

The experience has been interesting and very rewarding. It has made me to
understand the civil service at the very top echelon. At the same time, I don't
feel very happy because the ethics of the service have been thrown over board.
And this is because of the quest for the get-rich-quick syndrome.

This is largely because the rules and regulations that govern the service have
been thrown away. In most of the States and Benue State in particular, the
Service Rules, the Government Order (GO) and the Government Procedure--these
basic books that one can make reference to are not there.

This is because there has been a long embargo on employment. Those that are
employed come in form of replacement in very sensitive areas without going
through the necessary interviews. There have been no competitive interviews for
quite some time now.

In as much as I have enjoyed the service, I still feel very worried because
there is so much disrecpect in the service. The service used to be emboldened by
protocols--you knew your seniors, you knew the rules and you knew what you were
supposed to know. But for quite some time now, the service has been lacking
these basic principles because of 'godfatherism' that has crept into the civil
service.

It may not be too bad the way I am sounding because there might be a ray of
hope. The current Head of Service in Benue State is actually taking steps to
take the service back to those lofty heights it used to be. Relevant books like
Government Rules and Financial Memorandum are being reviewed and will be
published. When that is done, it will be easier to advise civil servants based
on the rules.

When you want to querry somebody, there is nothing you can lay hands on to query
the person. The head of service has set up a committee that is reviewing these
rules and once it is through with its work, it will present it to the Benue
State Executive Council for approval. I think that gives hope to the service.
Because of the embargo, non-competitive interviews for employment, and the
selection process that has not been followed, the politicians and the
powers-that-be have cashed in to do employment. And those who come in that way
find it difficult to obey the rules. And in most cases, it is difficult to get
them corrected looking at how they came in.

I have come a long way in the service. I started as an Administrative officer on
level eight and I have risen to where I am as a permanent secretary. I have
worked in various ministries--Bureau for Local Government and Chieftancy
Affairs, Agriculture and Local Government Pensions Board.

The issue that bothers me most is how people look at governance these days. When
I joined the service as a young graduate, I had hope of rising to where I am
now. But because of what is happening now, you will discover that people no
longer follow the procedure to get to where they are.

I also get worried about the way the finances of government are handled. In
those days, we operated Authority to Incure Expenditure (AIE). The ministries
have the right to spend money and even give small contracts. But with the coming
of the military, the cash-flow system came on board. All approvals have to come
from the governor.

In the case of Benue State, after the budget has been approved, whatever
expenditure you have to make , you have to apply to the governor. That becomes
very difficult in the sense that these approvals are so plenty in all the
ministries. And they are competing demands. And since it has been done on cash-
flow basis, some aspects suffer. Like in the case of Ministry of Agriculture
where I served for more than five years, agricultural programmes are time bound.
And because of the cash-flow system, most of the times, fertilizers come to
Benue State a little late.

For instance, the best time for fertilizers to come in is between November and
April. Because the farmers have just harvested their crops, it would be easier
for them to buy fertilizer. But when it comes late, it becomes a problem.

The issue of fertilizer has become very political. And because fertilizer
contracts involve a lot of money, the contractors insist that they must be paid.
And the government has a law that the fertilizer must be supplied before
payment.

This creates conflict between contractors and the government. And because of
large sums of money that are involved, the contractors are not able to supply
the fertilizers. Sometimes, they are supplied late-June/July-when the time for
application must have passed. This becomes a problem and it makes it difficult
for the system to move properly the way it used to be.

When I was the Permanent Secretary in the ministry, especially in the first two
years of the present administration, large quantities of fertilzers were
supplied in good time.The contractors that were engaged at that time supplied
the fertilizers early and it went round. But the years that followed, most of
the contractors could not supply fertilizer. Those who were able to supply,
supplied late. And because they were not paid, as the Permanent Secretary, it
became difficult to get them pinned down to supply the fertilizer. And because
of that, we had fertilizer crisis in Benue in 2011 and 2012. But there was
nothing I could do because they needed money and I didn't have the money to pay
them. The power of payment resides with the commissioner of finance.

I joined the service in 1984 as a young graduate. I started at the local
government and rose to become the secretary of various local governments in the
state. In 2001, I transferred my service to the state civil service, where I was
later made a Permanent Secretary. I am thinking of retiring when I am 60 years
old or when I have clocked 35 years in service. Either way, I have five years
left, because I am 55 years old. I have worked for 30 years now. But I have the
liberty to leave whenever I want.

Governorship race is the centrepiece of the sharing formula of the State. I
happen to come from the MINDA axis and we are demanding and appealing to the
other areas of Tiv, Idoma and Igede that we should be given a slot. We look at
the lineage and cleavages in Tiv and we come to the conclusion that others have
had their turn--Kwande had it under Aper Aku, Jechira had their slot under Fr.
Orshio Adasu, Jemgbagh had it under George Akume and Sankera are having it under
Gabriel Suswam. It is only the MINDA that have not had a slot. So, we are saying
the slot should go to MINDA. Looking at the experience I have acquired, I am
making consultations and if they come out right, I will contest the race come
2015.

I have a very strong belief that it is the turn of the MINDA people. I am aware
that the Idomas have never had a slot. But they are not crying of any
marginalisation as far as I am concerned. If you look at these things
critically, you will discover that Idomas have has a fair share.

During the military era, Idomas had the highest number of military
administrators. Idomas have produced the highest number of ministers from Benue
State. They have juicy ministries in the State and in the civil service. If you
take a statistics of the number of civil servants, you will discover that their
number is almost the same with Tivs who are the majority. So, maybe, after the
MINDA have had their slot, then the Idomas can present their case.

This is not to say they are second class citizens. But looking at the political
configuration of the State, the Idomas have had more than a fair share.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

FOR more than four decades, on...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 193 words


FOR more than four decades, one of the state's top achievers in agriculture has
had a box seat to see how vitally important farming really is to the region as
well as the challenges it faces.

Buz Green, of Devonport, has based his long career around the research and
innovation side of how to farm better.

Mr Green has been made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for significant
service to agriculture, particularly to horticultural sustainability, research
and production agronomy, and to the community.

He said because of the way technology was embraced and the techniques being used
by local farmers getting high quality results, Tasmania and the North-West food
bowl was up with the very best regions in the world.

"I think it's something to be proud of," Mr Green said.

He said the benefits that could flow from having a thriving agricultural
industry were key to Tasmania's future and Devonport and the region sat smack
bang at the centre of those food-based opportunities.

"I don't think people fully realise how important it is to have a thriving
agriculture industry," Mr Green said.

"If agriculture does well the money flows and everyone else does well."

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday

Ballot measure asks Chico State to save more water

BYLINE: By LARRY MITCHELL-Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 569 words


CHICO   A ballot measure students will vote on this week asks Chico State
University to do a better job of conserving water.

The measure calls for Chico State to, among other things, install low-flow
sprinkler heads on the campus irrigation system. It accuses the campus of
wasting millions of gallons of water.

The measure is on the ballot in Associated Students (AS) elections, which run
today through Thursday.

A statement supporting the ballot measure says Cal Water, the local water
utility, offered the university free low-flow sprinkler nozzles, but Chico State
turned down the offer.

Mike Pembroke, district manager for Cal Water in Chico, said his company made
the offer a couple of years ago as part of its overall water-conservation
program. He said meetings were held with Chico State officials on the offer.

Why the campus didn't want the free nozzles is a puzzle, he said. "There were
times I thought we were headed in the right direction, but for whatever reason,
it fell through."

Jim Pushnik, who heads a campus unit that focuses on conservation, said it's
unfortunate no agreement was reached with Cal Water.

"There was a breakdown in communications," he said. "I'm hoping we can resolve
that." He plans to meet with Pembroke soon, he said.

Joe Wills, a spokesman for the campus, said Chico State has its own program to
revamp irrigation systems.

A campus website says Chico State students, faculty and staff have been working
to redesign and reconstruct irrigation systems to save water. The work is being
done through the College of Agriculture.

The website says there are 585 "irrigation zones" on campus. Since May of 2005,
it says, 20 of them have been revamped, and plans are in the works to redo
another 20.

The water-conservation ballot measure was developed by students in professor
Mark Stemen's Environmental Thought and Action class.

"At one point, every sprinkler head on campus could have been replaced at no
cost to the university through Cal Water, and yet they were denied," Kaycee
Green, one of Stemen's students, wrote in an email to this newspaper.

Professor Mike Spiess, who teaches agriculture classes on irrigation, said
improving the campus sprinkling system significantly may not be as simple as
installing low-flow nozzles. Every zone presents a unique challenge, and it
seems unlikely one type of nozzle would work in every zone, he said.

Green said students in Stemen's class are convinced the university is not doing
what's necessary to reduce water use for irrigation on campus.

More can be done to conserve water, Pushnik said. However, Chico State has
reduced its overall water use significantly in the last few years, he added.
"The campus is making a huge effort in terms of water conservation."

Pembroke said his company's low-flow sprinkler nozzles use new technology that
enables them to provide just the amount of water lawns need.

He said he believed the city of Chico has put in about 20,000 of Cal Water's
free nozzles in parks and strips of lawn, saving a lot of water and money.

Cal Water promotes water conservation for a couple of reasons, he said. For one
thing, "it's the right thing to do. There's no sense in pumping and wasting it."

Also, state laws require water utilities to conserve water, he said. "We have to
meet a 20 percent reduction in gallons per capita per day by 2020."

Reach Larry Mitchell at 896-7759 orlmitchell@chicoer.com or on Twitter,
@LarryMitchell7.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                 April 28, 2008

Farm bill stalls, input costs climbing - agribusiness weary?

BYLINE: Becky Gillette

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 789  words


Washington, D.C., is a long way from the Mississippi Delta, but what happens -
or in this case what doesn't happen - has far ranging impacts for the biggest
sector of the Mississippi economy - agriculture.

The U.S. House of Representatives approved a new farm bill this past summer, and
the U.S. Senate approved its version of the bill in December. But Congress
hasn't agreed yet on a compromise between the House and the Senate versions of
the bill, and President George W. Bush has threatened to veto the bill because
it contains provisions raising taxes on multinational corporations with U.S.
subsidiaries to help pay for approximately $4 billion in food stamp and other
nutrition programs.

The farm bills are considered a "safety net" for agriculture guaranteeing
minimum prices for commodities, and also providing funding for conservation
programs, biofuels, rural development and nutrition.

Uncertainty

While there has been concern in the larger economy about credit problems
affecting primarily the home mortgage markets, the bigger issue for agriculture
is that a new farm bill hasn't been passed. The old farm bill has been extended,
but the uncertainty of how long the extensions will last, Congress agreeing on a
compromise bill and the possible Presidential veto are causing considerable
concern.

"The farm bill is very important to us," said Sells Newman, senior vice
president, First South Farm Credit Association, Ridgeland, which does business
in Mississippi, Alabama and Louisiana. "It offers a safety net not just to
farmers, but farm credit institutions and commercial banks as well as anyone
else who finances production agriculture. It is also important to the economy of
the State of Mississippi because agriculture needs a safety net for commodity
prices so commercial institutions can continue to loan money. Today, commodity
prices are high, but looking at the averages for the past six to 10 years,
commodity prices can fluctuate widely especially in a world market. "

Cascading

Commodity prices can vary widely depending on weather conditions that can cause
bumper crops or crop failures, trade agreements and the demand. And because ag
is such a big driver of the economy in Mississippi, the way things go on the
farm has a ripple effect throughout the state's economy.

"Production agriculture is big throughout the State of Mississippi," Newman
said. "A lot of people just don't see agriculture except when they drive down
the road and see a tractor. They don't see what agriculture puts back into the
State of Mississippi whether it is trees growing or poultry houses. Agriculture
is very big in this state and the nation. "

Diversified

A key factor for First South Farm Credit Association, which is a $1-billion-plus
operation, is that it is diversified in its commodities.

Newman said what that means is when one commodity is down, it is balanced by
profitability in the other commodities.

"That has been very fortunate for us," Newman said. "What we finance in each
commodity is diversified. We don't have all our capital in one commodity. When
you are diversified, you can withstand the downs of our market. That has been
our biggest strength. We finance full-time as well as part-time farmers. Most
part-time farmers have other sources of income coming into the family other than
farming. It is a good mix to help cash flow their loan and standard of living. "

Mississippi Farm Bureau president David Waide said growers are being impacted in
the ag credit market because they are having to pay more for operating capital
and expenditures due to input costs that are up so much - impacted greatly by
the high cost of fuel.

"It has been harder to get credit," Waide said. "The bigger row crop farmers
have probably had a harder time getting production loans as a result of not
having the farm bill in place. There is a tremendous concern that there has not
been a farm bill passed and the president says he is going to veto it. Is there
enough pressure to override a veto? I don't know the answer to that.

"I can't understand why we have not had more interest in trying to see we have a
stable farm policy. I guess one of the excuses is that commodity prices are
pretty high and the farm bill is not as important this year. But our lenders
know that our commodity prices fluctuate tremendously. And with extremely high
escalation of our input costs, we desperately need protection as far as the
commodity prices. We don't ever know what we will get for a product when it is
produced. We love having the availability of loan programs to ensure some cash
flow when we are unable to sell the product because of the basis spread. The
loan gives us time to narrow the spread and perhaps get a profit on that
commodity. "

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 11, 1990 Tuesday

Farmers' safety nets hard on taxpayers

BYLINE: TERENCE CORCORAN; GAM

LENGTH: 744 words


TERENCE CORCORAN
 AS a result of the failure of the GATT members to complete negotiations
in Brussels last week, the talk in Canadian agriculture circles is turning
toward the need for "safety nets" for Canadian farmers. Throughout the
country, agriculture ministers are busy putting the finishing touches on
these safety nets, new programs to protect farmers from the harrowing seas
of global agricultural trade, sure to become more harrowing in the years
ahead.

Whenever ag ministers begin knitting nets, they inevitably produce new
acronyms. Thus agriculture ministers in Ottawa and the provinces are now
looking at GRIP and NISA, two farm aid programs that would involve
payments of about $2.7-billion a year to farmers during the 1991-92 crop
year.

New acronyms, in turn, often get woven into the existing safety nets,
producing a tangled web of dollars and programs that are difficult for the
poor ignorant urban dweller to understand. It is with great humility,
therefore, that the following information on government safety nets for
farmers is offered without comment. Indeed, it is offered without
comprehension, since it is based on a day of inadequate research into the
subject in the wake of the temporary collapse of the GATT talks.

Gross Revenue Insurance Plan (GRIP): One of two new programs proposed
by the Grain and Oilseed Safety Net Committee, an Ottawa-provinces-farmer
group. Described as being "a step beyond conventional crop insurance,"
GRIP would deliver payments to farmers when their market revenue fell
short of their target revenue. In full operation, GRIP would deliver $2.3-
billion to farmers in 1992-93, with perhaps $1.5-billion coming from
government.

National Income Stabilization Account (NISA): Another in the "new
generation of safety nets," NISA is a program that farmers and governments
would support with contributions. Payouts would occur when a farm's gross
margins fall below its average in the previous five years, or when taxable
income falls below $10,000. While NISA is intended for grain and oilseed
operations, the proposal suggests extending this safety net to cover
horticulture and red meat sectors.

Special Canadian Grains Program (SCGP): GRIP and NISA are intended to
replace other programs, including SCGP. In 1987, under the first SCGP,
Ottawa paid out about $1-billion to aid farmers. In 1988, another $1-
billion was distributed to compensate Canadian grain farmers for some of
the income losses caused by the United States-European Community trade
war. In 1989, drought conditions prompted another payment of about $850-
million. The objective of GRIP is to move farm aid away from these ad hoc
payments that governments are forced to make every time a farm crisis hits
the country.

Western Grain Stabilization Act (WGSA): Also to be phased out by GRIP
and NISA, this program guarantees that net cash flow from grain sales in
any one year do not fall below the average for the preceding five years.
Payments in 1987 were $889-million.

Agricultural Stabilization Act: Provides price supports to farmers of
certain commodities in Eastern Canada of up to 90 per cent of the previous
five-year average. In 1988, the program paid $325-million to eastern
farmers.

National Tripartite Stabilization Program (NTSP): A red meat program
jointly funded by farmers and government that provides support payments in
the event producer margins drop below an agreed level. Payout in 1988:
$183-million.

Crop Insurance Program (CIP): This jointly funded program provides
weather-induced yield loss protection and was worth $130-million to
farmers in 1988.

Other federal and provincial payments and supports abound. In Ottawa
last month, for example, Agriculture Canada announced new expenditures in
supplementary estimates of $316-million for the year 1990-91 "primarily to
assist farmers hard hit by depressed commodity prices."

Among the new money needed was $212-million for crop insurance payments
to cover federal contributions to Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba under
revised federal-provincial crop insurance agreements. This brings total
federal crop insurance contribution to $445-million.

Also announced were allocations for the Cash Flow Enhancement Program.
About $56-million will be used to provide financial assistance to
producers experiencing difficulty marketing their 1990 crops.

GATT may be in trouble, but GRIP, NISA and a host of other safety nets
are being spread out to keep the Canadian farmer from disaster.

No word yet on the safety net for Canadian taxpayers.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday

Skagit part of emergency drought declaration

BYLINE: Kimberly Cauvel, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 743 words


April 18--The state's lack of water supply reserves has prompted Gov. Jay Inslee
to expand a drought emergency designation to cover about half of the state,
including Skagit County.

With the expansion from 11 river basins to 24, the declaration now covers 44
percent of the state.

"We've never experienced a drought like this ... It's a snowpack drought," state
Department of Ecology Director Maia Bellon said. "Washington has experienced
normal rainfall this year ... but average snowpack is at 24 percent -- a record
low."

Since the original declaration some late snowfall has occurred, but more was
lost due to warm temperatures, and river flows are expected to be the lowest in
64 years. Bellon said the state's primary concerns for potential water supply
hardship are for farms and fish.

"We aren't experiencing much of these hardships today, but they are expected in
the months ahead," she said.

In the Skagit Valley, the outlook for agriculture is promising, but fish are
expected to take quite a hit.

Joe Stohr, deputy director for the state Department of Fish and Wildlife, said
the agency expects to see low tributary flows and some hatchery issues in the
Skagit River watershed this summer and fall. Fish migration is also expected to
be affected in the upper Skagit River and Samish River.

This summer and fall, water may "be so low the fish couldn't migrate upstream"
in those systems, Stohr said.

Farmland, on the other hand, is so far expected to come out OK, state Department
of Agriculture hydrogeologist Jaclyn Hancock said.

"We've been in close communication with stakeholder groups in the Skagit Valley
with this most recent declaration, and at this time the agriculture community is
feeling pretty good about the water supply so we don't expect a lot of
agricultural hardships in that region," she said.

In preparation for potential hardships, Ecology has requested $9 million in
drought funding from the Legislature, according to a news release.

The money would be used for agricultural and fisheries projects, emergency
water-right permits, changes to existing water rights and to approve water right
transfers in droughtaffected areas.

State Department of Natural Resources spokeswoman Sandy Kaiser said the drought
status also means an increased potential for wildfires across the state.

Warmer, drier weather and little snow-melt will mean "more stress for Washington
forests, and greater opportunity for insects or disease to kill trees. And dead
vegetation increases the risk of wildlife," she said.

Just as Ecology is seeking money to help farms and fish, Natural Resources wants
funding to strengthen fire response abilities and improve forest health, Kaiser
said.

Snowpack is reportedly at 24 percent of normal statewide.

Ecology says that's lower than when the last drought was declared in Washington,
in 2005.

"This is an ongoing emergency, and we're going to have some long, hard months
ahead of us," Inslee said in a prepared statement. "We're moving quickly so that
we're prepared to provide relief to farms and fish this summer."

In response to a request from the state Department of Ecology in March, Inslee
declared some of the state under a drought emergency March 13. That original
declaration covered parts of 10 counties in the Olympic Peninsula, Central
Washington and the Walla Walla area.

With the expanded coverage, Skagit, Whatcom and part of Snohomish County were
added to the listing, as well as parts of eight other counties.

So far, public water systems have not reported any water supply problems, state
officials said Friday. People with questions about water use should contact
their local utility district.

Ginny Stern with the state Department of Health said at-risk public water
systems are those that rely on single-source, shallow water supplies.

She encourages communication between utilities and customers, and proactive
water conservation like promoted through the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency and Skagit PUD last month with the Water-Sense program.

Ecology will consider seeking a statewide drought declaration in May, Bellon
said. For more information and updates, visit Ecology's Washington Drought 2015
page.

Reporter Kimberly Cauvel: 360-416-2199, kcauvel@ skagitpublishing.com, Twitter:
@Kimberly_SVH, facebook. com/bykimberlycauvel

___ (c)2015 the Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) Visit the Skagit
Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) at www.goskagit.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150418-UV-Skagit-part-of-emergency-drought-declaration-0418-20150418

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                      Copyright 2015 Skagit Valley Herald


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 15, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

THIRST IN WEST FOR FARM WATER MAY BE COSTLY

BYLINE: By IVER PETERSON

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 896 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX, Nov. 14


Like a puddle drying in the desert sun, Federal support for Western irrigation
projects is drying up, and the farmers and ranchers are looking for new ideas
and new friends to help them get the money, and the water, flowing again.

But the main water lobby for agriculture in 17 Western states, meeting here, is
being given little but sobering news from Federal speakers.

The lobby, the National Water Resources Association, has 1,200 delegates at its
53d annual meeting. Federal subsidies for irrigation water will be reduced, they
were told. From now on, water users will have to put up some money for projects
themselves, and farmers and ranchers must form unaccustomed alliances with the
cities, environmentalists and Indians to get even small Federal water projects
in the West.

'A Glory of the Past'


''Frankly, it appears clear that large-scale reclamation projects primarily for
irrigated agriculture appear to be a glory of the past, not the future,'' said
W. Don Maughan, deputy director of the Department of Water Resources in Arizona,
the state most successful since World War II in securing Federal money for water
projects.

Mr. Maughan ticked off half a dozen obstacles to new water projects: Most big
rivers are already dammed, there is growing resistance among environmentalists
to diminished river flows, and there is eastern ''envy over the fast-growing
Western region.''

He warned that Western agriculture would ''have a big challenge in keeping their
current water sources, let alone finding new sources of supply.''

About 60 million acres of Western farmland is irrigated with water dammed,
ditched and delivered largely with Federal money. Irrigators pay back much of
the cost, but using inflated dollars over a long period and without paying
interest charges on capital costs. The Congressional approach to Western water
development has changed in recent years to include an insistence that those who
will benefit share in the cost of new projects with ''up front'' cash before
they are begun.

Anger at Easterners in Congress


The preciousness of water and the cost of obtaining it have had Westerners
joking for years that ''whisky's for drinkin' and water's for fightin'.'' For
example, developers, utilities and cities are fighting in court in Arizona over
who gets the sewer water from treatment plants.

Westerners' pugnacity over water is particularly keen when directed at some
eastern members of Congress.

''It seems unfair,'' Representative Morris K. Udall, Democrat of Arizona, told
the convention, ''to see our program characterized as pork barrel, while our
neighbors in the Northeast and South claim that it is in the national interest
for Uncle Sam to build new ports, or flood control structures or new highways.''

Municipal water interests were invited to the lobby's convention for the first
time this year. Most city water officials welcomed the move to broaden the
association's base. But some said they could outbid the farmers and ranchers for
water and therefore did not really need their help.

'Votes Are in Our Cities'


''Congress just counts votes,'' said John DeVito, general manager of the Contra
Costa Water District in northern California, ''and where is the farm bloc that
existed in the 60's and 70's? It isn't there. Today, the votes are in our
cities.''

Western irrigators are being told they must accept that the days of open- ended
Federal support for water projects are past. ''The time for cost sharing has
come,'' Mr. Udall said. ''I regret it in many ways, but I think we have to face
it.''

Tom Choules, a Yuma lawyer who represents four southwestern Arizona irrigation
companies, said every project he had been involved in ''has paid back more in
taxes created than it cost, and where else do you have that?''

''You don't have it in building that subway in Washington, D.C.,'' he said. The
capital's subway system is getting $1 billion in Federal funds.

Working With Environmentalists


In the last Congress, lack of a cost- sharing provision doomed passage of a $600
million increase in a loan program for small irrigation projects. Robert
Broadbent, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Water and Science, said the
proposal had become hostage to other concerns as well.

''You're not going to move a loan program through Congress without working with
the environmental interests that have a lock'' on some members of Congress, he
told the convention. ''It's time,'' he added, ''that you sat down and recognized
that.''

John Fetcher, a rancher and ski resort developer from Steamboat Springs, Colo.,
is familiar with this obstacle. He and some fellow ranchers in northwest
Colorado want a loan to help build a small, $13.8 million dam on the Yampa
River. They need a steady supply of water for growing fodder.

''There have been years when we didn't get the rains,'' Mr. Fetcher said. ''Some
ranchers didn't make a hay crop for the winter and had to sell their herd.''

Environmentalists have objected to damming the free-flowing stream and flooding
the small valley Mr. Fetcher wants for a reservoir. But he has a reply to these
objections:

''There are benefits to preserving agricultural land, to preserving the open
spaces. The environmentalists know it, because they like looking at our cattle
grazing in our fields.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                            October 15, 2010 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

YOUR SAY

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 701 words


Government leaves agriculture studies behind

I WRITE regarding Alastair Cameron's letter (Your Say, October 1) in relation to
Tasmanian TCE agriculture studies, and the fact that, as of 2011, Tasmanian Year
11 and 12 TCE students will not be able to study a subject covering agriculture.

Readers may be interested to know that following a number of concerns from
farmers, I raised this issue in State Parliament on a number of occasions in
recent weeks, specifically in relation to students enrolled at the Burnie campus
of the Tasmanian Skills Institute.

I was alarmed to hear that students studying at this campus had the courses
cancelled and not rescheduled and have not received work books, training or
necessary on-site assessments.

As a consequence, these students feel abandoned. Also their employers -- some of
whom paid significant fees upfront for workers' tuition -- now feel ripped off.

I understand concerns are not limited to the Burnie campus, with broader
concerns about the overall shortage of teaching staff statewide at the skills
institute, and the problems this causes in terms of cancellations across the
board.

The grim reality is that, instead of improving skills and gaining
qualifications, these students are left feeling frustrated by the lack of
services and support from the institutions put there to assist them.

The State Government continues to draw attention to the amount of time and money
it has spent investing to improve workplace skills and training across the state
to deliver a balance of training and hands-on practical work.

Meanwhile, these students are denied the basic opportunity to pursue a career in
agriculture, while Premier David Bartlett continues to talk about the importance
of making Tasmania ``the nation's food bowl''.

There needs to be a greater level of cohesion between the Skills Institute and
what is happening on the ground with various industry and businesses.

There also needs to be a greater level of interest from the Education Minister
to ensure students across the state are given the chance to follow a career in
agriculture.

JEREMY ROCKLIFF, MP

Opposition spokesman on primary industries and water

Hydro aims for fairest water deal

I REFER to the Tasmanian Country article ``History's harvest'' by Jennifer
Crawley (October 1, 2010), in which the manager of the Cawood property, Neil
Williams, puts a misleading slant on Hydro Tasmania's negotiations with Ouse
irrigators over water allocations.

Mr Williams says many Ouse River farmers are frustrated about protracted
negotiations.

He is quoted as saying all we want to talk about is the irrigators' historical
use of water, when all they're interested in is what's to be available for
future growth of properties.

This is not Hydro Tasmania's approach to negotiations.

What we're attempting to do is resolve a situation, unique to Australia, which
was created by loose language in 1957 legislation to give irrigators unfettered
water rights.

Our approach involves an attempt to define water rights for individual
properties.

If this can be resolved, it will assist in Tasmania complying with the National
Water Initiative and see it eligible for significant funding from the
Commonwealth Government for related water development projects.

This approach does take into account historic and current water use by
irrigators, but also provides for growth into the future.

Taken as a whole, our offer to the Ouse irrigators represents a 35 per cent
increase over the maximum volume of water ever consumed in the district.

In regard to the Cawood property, the total of the offer was more than twice the
historical usage.

Finally, the article states that environmental flows are another sore issue for
Mr Williams and the farmers.

While undefined irrigation water rights remain in place, Hydro Tasmania has been
unable to guarantee the effectiveness of an environmental flow for the Ouse
River.

An investigation is under way to determine an appropriate environmental flow,
which will start as soon as all water entitlements are clear.

We will continue to talk to irrigators about this important matter and hope to
reach a satisfactory outcome for all parties.

DR MICHAEL CONNARTY

Manager, system enhancement,

Hydro Tasmania

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TSC


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Westpac bank sees full plate in China food deals;
Australian lender taps into growing investment flows that are shifting from
mining to agriculture

BYLINE: Zhou Xin

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/BUSINESS/GENERAL; biz front.pgl; Trade; Pg.1

LENGTH: 443 words


Australia's Westpac sees opportunities in China's growing appetite for
Australian beef and seafood.

The 199-year-old lender is trying to take advantage of China's growing
investment in Australia for high-quality food, property and supply chain
logistics, two executives of the bank said in an interview during the 2016
Australia Week in China.

China's biggest personal computer maker Lenovo recently bought a Perth-based
seafood processing firm. China's richest man, Wang Jianlin, last year acquired
Australia's largest cinema chain while a Shanghai-based dairy firm has been
expanding food distribution operations in Australia after its takeover of
Manassen Foods five years ago.

Westpac has been playing an active part in the deals, part of a rising tide of
investment flows from China to Australia.

"We are seeing... a lot of growth and a lot opportunities for Chinese companies
in our home markets of Australia and New Zealand," said Andrew Whitford,
regional head of Greater China at Westpac. "We want to be the dominant player up
and down the China corridor" to facilitate such flows, he said.

China's investment in Australia last year rose 60 per cent in Australian dollar
terms, according to a report by KPMG and the University of Sydney. Australia was
the second-most favourite destination for Chinese investors in the last decade,
next to the US, according to the report.

While real estate dominated Chinese investment in Australia last year, at 45 per
cent, mainland money is also diversifying from mining to other businesses,
notably in agriculture. There were 12 agriculture deals last year worth A$375
million (HK$2.2 billion) in dairy, beef and cotton, the report said.

Bala Swaminathan, president of international businesses at Westpac, said he saw
a trend shift "from mining to dining" in Chinese investments into Australia.

China's earlier investments aimed at securing mineral supplies from Australia
have suffered huge losses and Chinese purchases of houses and infrastructure are
raising eyebrows in the country. Questions are also being asked about whether
Australia should increase its exposure to China at a time when its economy is
slowing down.

China's imports from Australia fell 30 per cent in US dollar terms in the first
quarter of this year from the same period last year even though a Sino-Australia
free-trade pact came into effect in December.

While Westpac's traditional job is to help Australian businesses "navigate" in
Asia, the trend has reversed, said Swaminathan. "It's not so much Australia out
as China in...a bulk of our clients are now Asian companies as opposed to
Australian companies, so there's a big shift in our business."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

Boosting GDP Growth

LENGTH: 543  words


Boosting economic activities in the country is the only solution to resist any
attempt to infringe Pakistan's sovereignty. As long as the country is dependent
on financial support of multilateral financial institutions, particularly
International Monetary Fund (IMF), guarding sovereignty of the country will
remain a far cry.

However, financial strength can't be achieved over night, it requires consensus
of ruling as well as opposition parties on national objectives. First and the
most point of agreement should be on coming up with right policies to accelerate
growth in agriculture, manufacturing and services sectors, by giving each one
its due priority.

There can't be two opinions that agriculture was, is and will remain the
mainstay of the country. The first step in to contain nearly 40 per cent of the
produce that goes stale before reaching the market. If this waste is stopped not
only income of farmers will be improved but country will also be able to earn
extra foreign exchange by exporting the surplus quantities.

This requires construction of farms to market roads and efficient transport and
storage system. Along with this facilities should also be established to achieve
higher value addition. Both PML-N and PPP have strong base in rural areas.

It s heartening that over the years State Bank of Pakistan has been increasing
lending to farmers but there is also need for monitoring that the amounts
borrowed are used for the stipulated purposed. There are complaints that feudal
lords are using the money acquired on purchase of property in urban area and
expensive car. This practice has to be discouraged.

Pakistan has a reasonably strong manufacturing base and industrial estates have
been established throughout the country. However, it is evident that due to
extreme negligence infrastructure of these estates has depleted. Condition of
roads is pathetic, there is extreme shortage of water and sewerage system is
incapable of handing the waste water.

Many of these estates face long outages of electricity and gas. It may be said
that electricity and gas distribution companies have proved incapable of handing
the growing demand but only consumers can be held responsible for the prevailing
state.

Poor cash flow of utilities does not allow them to revamp/upgrade the existing
facilities. The reasons for poor cash flow are blatant theft and huge load of
receivables.

It is good that the successive governments made efforts to construct industrial
estate in less developed areas but the policy planners forgot the basic point
that some of the industries can operate efficiently only if these are located
near sea port. Other major industries i.e. sugar, spinning and fertilizer can
operate efficiently if located close to the raw material or point consumption in
case of fertilizer.

It is necessary to remind that permissions were granted for establishing sugar
mills in the cotton growing belt which affects profitability f sugarcane growers
and mills.

Industrial estate located in Hub, Hattar, Gadoon and even at Nooriable have
suffered mainly because the owners were harassed by the local administration. It
is therefore requested that instead of creating new estates the infrastructure
of existing industrial estates should be improved.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

Boosting GDP Growth

LENGTH: 543  words


Boosting economic activities in the country is the only solution to resist any
attempt to infringe Pakistan's sovereignty. As long as the country is dependent
on financial support of multilateral financial institutions, particularly
International Monetary Fund (IMF), guarding sovereignty of the country will
remain a far cry.

However, financial strength can't be achieved over night, it requires consensus
of ruling as well as opposition parties on national objectives. First and the
most point of agreement should be on coming up with right policies to accelerate
growth in agriculture, manufacturing and services sectors, by giving each one
its due priority.

There can't be two opinions that agriculture was, is and will remain the
mainstay of the country. The first step in to contain nearly 40 per cent of the
produce that goes stale before reaching the market. If this waste is stopped not
only income of farmers will be improved but country will also be able to earn
extra foreign exchange by exporting the surplus quantities.

This requires construction of farms to market roads and efficient transport and
storage system. Along with this facilities should also be established to achieve
higher value addition. Both PML-N and PPP have strong base in rural areas.

It s heartening that over the years State Bank of Pakistan has been increasing
lending to farmers but there is also need for monitoring that the amounts
borrowed are used for the stipulated purposed. There are complaints that feudal
lords are using the money acquired on purchase of property in urban area and
expensive car. This practice has to be discouraged.

Pakistan has a reasonably strong manufacturing base and industrial estates have
been established throughout the country. However, it is evident that due to
extreme negligence infrastructure of these estates has depleted. Condition of
roads is pathetic, there is extreme shortage of water and sewerage system is
incapable of handing the waste water.

Many of these estates face long outages of electricity and gas. It may be said
that electricity and gas distribution companies have proved incapable of handing
the growing demand but only consumers can be held responsible for the prevailing
state.

Poor cash flow of utilities does not allow them to revamp/upgrade the existing
facilities. The reasons for poor cash flow are blatant theft and huge load of
receivables.

It is good that the successive governments made efforts to construct industrial
estate in less developed areas but the policy planners forgot the basic point
that some of the industries can operate efficiently only if these are located
near sea port. Other major industries i.e. sugar, spinning and fertilizer can
operate efficiently if located close to the raw material or point consumption in
case of fertilizer.

It is necessary to remind that permissions were granted for establishing sugar
mills in the cotton growing belt which affects profitability f sugarcane growers
and mills.

Industrial estate located in Hub, Hattar, Gadoon and even at Nooriable have
suffered mainly because the owners were harassed by the local administration. It
is therefore requested that instead of creating new estates the infrastructure
of existing industrial estates should be improved.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

Boosting GDP Growth

LENGTH: 543  words


Boosting economic activities in the country is the only solution to resist any
attempt to infringe Pakistan's sovereignty. As long as the country is dependent
on financial support of multilateral financial institutions, particularly
International Monetary Fund (IMF), guarding sovereignty of the country will
remain a far cry.

However, financial strength can't be achieved over night, it requires consensus
of ruling as well as opposition parties on national objectives. First and the
most point of agreement should be on coming up with right policies to accelerate
growth in agriculture, manufacturing and services sectors, by giving each one
its due priority.

There can't be two opinions that agriculture was, is and will remain the
mainstay of the country. The first step in to contain nearly 40 per cent of the
produce that goes stale before reaching the market. If this waste is stopped not
only income of farmers will be improved but country will also be able to earn
extra foreign exchange by exporting the surplus quantities.

This requires construction of farms to market roads and efficient transport and
storage system. Along with this facilities should also be established to achieve
higher value addition. Both PML-N and PPP have strong base in rural areas.

It s heartening that over the years State Bank of Pakistan has been increasing
lending to farmers but there is also need for monitoring that the amounts
borrowed are used for the stipulated purposed. There are complaints that feudal
lords are using the money acquired on purchase of property in urban area and
expensive car. This practice has to be discouraged.

Pakistan has a reasonably strong manufacturing base and industrial estates have
been established throughout the country. However, it is evident that due to
extreme negligence infrastructure of these estates has depleted. Condition of
roads is pathetic, there is extreme shortage of water and sewerage system is
incapable of handing the waste water.

Many of these estates face long outages of electricity and gas. It may be said
that electricity and gas distribution companies have proved incapable of handing
the growing demand but only consumers can be held responsible for the prevailing
state.

Poor cash flow of utilities does not allow them to revamp/upgrade the existing
facilities. The reasons for poor cash flow are blatant theft and huge load of
receivables.

It is good that the successive governments made efforts to construct industrial
estate in less developed areas but the policy planners forgot the basic point
that some of the industries can operate efficiently only if these are located
near sea port. Other major industries i.e. sugar, spinning and fertilizer can
operate efficiently if located close to the raw material or point consumption in
case of fertilizer.

It is necessary to remind that permissions were granted for establishing sugar
mills in the cotton growing belt which affects profitability f sugarcane growers
and mills.

Industrial estate located in Hub, Hattar, Gadoon and even at Nooriable have
suffered mainly because the owners were harassed by the local administration. It
is therefore requested that instead of creating new estates the infrastructure
of existing industrial estates should be improved.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            December 30, 2013 Monday

Boosting GDP Growth

LENGTH: 543  words


Boosting economic activities in the country is the only solution to resist any
attempt to infringe Pakistan's sovereignty. As long as the country is dependent
on financial support of multilateral financial institutions, particularly
International Monetary Fund (IMF), guarding sovereignty of the country will
remain a far cry.

However, financial strength can't be achieved over night, it requires consensus
of ruling as well as opposition parties on national objectives. First and the
most point of agreement should be on coming up with right policies to accelerate
growth in agriculture, manufacturing and services sectors, by giving each one
its due priority.

There can't be two opinions that agriculture was, is and will remain the
mainstay of the country. The first step in to contain nearly 40 per cent of the
produce that goes stale before reaching the market. If this waste is stopped not
only income of farmers will be improved but country will also be able to earn
extra foreign exchange by exporting the surplus quantities.

This requires construction of farms to market roads and efficient transport and
storage system. Along with this facilities should also be established to achieve
higher value addition. Both PML-N and PPP have strong base in rural areas.

It s heartening that over the years State Bank of Pakistan has been increasing
lending to farmers but there is also need for monitoring that the amounts
borrowed are used for the stipulated purposed. There are complaints that feudal
lords are using the money acquired on purchase of property in urban area and
expensive car. This practice has to be discouraged.

Pakistan has a reasonably strong manufacturing base and industrial estates have
been established throughout the country. However, it is evident that due to
extreme negligence infrastructure of these estates has depleted. Condition of
roads is pathetic, there is extreme shortage of water and sewerage system is
incapable of handing the waste water.

Many of these estates face long outages of electricity and gas. It may be said
that electricity and gas distribution companies have proved incapable of handing
the growing demand but only consumers can be held responsible for the prevailing
state.

Poor cash flow of utilities does not allow them to revamp/upgrade the existing
facilities. The reasons for poor cash flow are blatant theft and huge load of
receivables.

It is good that the successive governments made efforts to construct industrial
estate in less developed areas but the policy planners forgot the basic point
that some of the industries can operate efficiently only if these are located
near sea port. Other major industries i.e. sugar, spinning and fertilizer can
operate efficiently if located close to the raw material or point consumption in
case of fertilizer.

It is necessary to remind that permissions were granted for establishing sugar
mills in the cotton growing belt which affects profitability f sugarcane growers
and mills.

Industrial estate located in Hub, Hattar, Gadoon and even at Nooriable have
suffered mainly because the owners were harassed by the local administration. It
is therefore requested that instead of creating new estates the infrastructure
of existing industrial estates should be improved.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 22, 1996, Tuesday

Activist seeks new flood plan for Bystre Lake

BYLINE: DAN DeWITT

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



With Hernando County nearing completion of a 10-year effort to deal with
flooding around Bystre Lake, the Nature Coast Soil and Water Conservation
District now wants the county to reconsider its plans.

"If there's a better way, we want to see if we can do it, that's all,"  said
L.C. Alexander, chairman of the conservation district board.

The board met Monday with a group that included County Engineer Charles  Mixson,
County Commissioner Pat Novy, Ken Huntington of the state Department  of
Environmental Protection and Chester Bradshaw, an environmental activist  from
Dade City.

The board voted to meet with the County Commission and several state and
federal agencies to discuss a plan being pushed by Bradshaw. The district did
not set a date for the meeting, and Alexander said it had no power to force  the
county to participate.

"We can recommend," Alexander said of the district, a state agency  created in
the 1940s under the direction of the U.S. Department of  Agriculture. "We can
point out problems. We can research. We're  facilitators."

Mixson explained that the county started looking at ways to redirect water  flow
around the lake east of Brooksville after flooding in 1986. It paid an
engineering firm, Dames and Moore, $ 200,000 to come up with a plan.

One of the alternatives the firm recommended was approved by the County
Commission in 1989. Its cost was about $ 900,000, and, among other things, it
included a 2,800-foot earthen dike to the south and west of High Point  Gardens,
a subdivision across State Road 50 from Bystre Lake that was severely  flooded
in 1986.

Construction has not begun, but most of the land has been purchased, Mixson
said. He said he did not know how much money had been spent on the project so
far.

The project has been delayed because of problems with buying the land. But
Mixson said the county has no plans to stop the project because of Monday's
meeting, and he estimated that the berm will be finished in about a year.

Bradshaw says the berm is the wrong approach, because it does not address  water
flow or habitat improvement.

He says he has an idea that does. One reason Bystre Lake floods is because  of a
sluiceway dug in the early 1950s between the lake and Griffin Prairie, a
700-acre tract of land east of Griffin Road, Bradshaw said.

He said the sluiceway should be closed off. That way, water that now drains
into Bystre Lake would stay in Griffin Prairie. Not only would that reduce
flooding, but a traditional wetland would be restored, benefiting wildlife and
helping to recharge groundwater, he said.

Novy likes the idea. She will recommend that the County Commission study it
further, she said.

"I'm very much going to propose it."

Huntington directs the DEP's relatively new Withlacoochee River ecosystem
management area and is responsible for looking at any factor that will affect
the river. He said he does not necessarily think the county's plans are wrong
or need to be scrapped, but he wants to explore Bradshaw's proposal at the
meeting of the area's management committee in November.

"This could indeed be the first (project) brought to the table,"  Huntington
said.

He said he did not know whether Bradshaw's plan would control flooding
effectively. But, he said, "as a biologist, it's easy to see the potential
habitat benefits."

He also said it would be a while before it could be implemented.

"We're at the twinkle-in-the-eye stage," Huntington said.

For example, there is no firm plan to pay for the project, even if all of  the
agencies agree it is the right thing to do. Mixson said it would require,  among
other things, the purchase of hundreds of acres of land.

"I'd love to look at Griffin Prairie," Mixson said.

"I would love to come up with a couple of million dollars, and we could do  some
stuff out there."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR MAP; Map locating Bystre Lake in Hernando County.

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 700 words


North state water needs to be utilized here first

I am writing in response to the Oct. 21 article "First step taken on setting
minimum Sacramento River flows." Currently 50 percent of the water flow goes to
environmental flows. The water releases in the Feather River and other
tributaries are determined by water needs of various species in the water system
and delta.

California has been experiencing severe drought conditions, and as such, must
continue to look at options for conserving water, including not allowing it to
just run into the ocean. Water flow should be based on need, not the perception
of saving endangered species. Especially when the state reports show the current
delta management has caused a decline in all native species there.

Although north state water contributes to the State Water Project, surprisingly
little of it goes to Southern California. Our agriculture industry benefits from
the project by way of pumps and irrigation canals. In fact, water transfer to
Southern California was cut by 90 percent in 2015 to offset the impact of the
drought in our area.

It is clear that options to retain more water need to be explored. Our
agriculture, communities and lives depend on it.

- Erin Poll, Magalia


Ethics require Schwab to sit out certain votes

I'm not surprised that the E-R's coverage of Ann Schwab consisted of a political
attack from Reanette Fillmer. However, her comments demonstrated that Fillmer,
one of the least prepared council members, should probably read her Fair
Political Practices Commission training manual. It states, "Every state and
local government official ... must refrain from making or participating in a
government decision that has a reasonably foreseeable material financial effect
..."

When I served as an arts commissioner for seven years (two years as chair), we
were required to study state ethics guidelines and pass an additional ethics
test every two years. These statutes mandate that if you live or have a business
within a defined distance from the considered item and you would, might or
sometimes just give the appearance of financial gain, ethical standards required
you to take the safe course and recuse yourself for that item.

Ann Schwab recused herself on 15 occasions; 13 of those votes were decided 6-0
by the council. Unlike other council members who have been contracted by a
company, gotten elected and then promoted specific items before the council that
enhanced those businesses, Schwab is to be congratulated for continuing her
distinguished and ethical career in public service. It's called integrity.

- Paul Friedlander, Chico


Plaque isn't enough for US military veterans

In response to "Military plaque approved for DeGarmo": A plaque in a park is not
beneficial to U.S. veterans. These brave men and women risk their lives for the
freedom of our nation, and the best we can come up with is a plaque?

The government should be spending money on things that veterans really need, not
a pretty new plaque in the park. Veterans need help getting medical treatment
and disability funds or housing. Why are our efforts not focused on getting
these things for our heroes? Often real people are left behind in the
bureaucracy and games of the government, and they don't get the help they need.
This needs to be fixed.

- Josh Addington, Chico


Obama should back off on re-enlistment bonuses

Regarding the re-enlistment bonus flap, I noticed that neither Barack Obama or
Ashton Carter (secretary of defense) said they would actually stop this
mistreatment of our military personnel, but rather they would "delay,"
"temporarily suspend" collection while "examining ways to speed up the appeal
process." Most likely they are both waiting for the public to lose interest, and
will then again send out the dunning letters and collection agencies.

Obama has previously said that Congress is too slow and he would use executive
decrees to bypass it. If he really cared about our military personnel, Obama
would issue an executive decree to: 1.) Permanently ban all further collection
attempts; 2.) Order immediate and full refunds to those who have already made
reimbursement payments.

But I wouldn't hold my breath.

- Dennis B. Swaney, Oroville

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Comment: Why farmers should harness water power to beat floods

BYLINE: Rachel Hallos

LENGTH: 566  words


As we embark on 2017 it is clear we are in unchartered territory. However you
voted in the EU referendum, we are now within a hair's breadth of invoking
Article 50 and then there's no going back.

Thinking of opportunities and threats associated with Brexit, migration and
access to the single market have been at the heart of most debates but what
about the nitty gritty of the forthcoming negotiations?

For farmers, a lot is at stake. Everyone is familiar with the Common
Agricultural Policy that since 1962 has had a defining impact on the development
of UK farming policy. Direct payments to farmers have not only successfully
ensured a supply of nutritious, affordable food for all, latterly they have also
ensured a keen focus on sustainability and environmental management.

On my tenanted hill farm above the South Pennine village of Ripponden, we are
two years into our second decade of an agri-environment scheme designed to
improve targeted areas of the beautiful environment in which we live.

Going forward all that's guaranteed is that nothing will be the same. Across
Yorkshire farm businesses have evolved to meet changing political imperatives.
Brexit is our next challenge and we will have to do more to demonstrate the work
we do and the services we offer beyond feeding the nation.

At the Oxford Farming Conference George Monbiot said that given the chance, he
would farm water. Could this be a replacement viable income stream that would
allow farmers to play our part in the management and storage of water? Using our
local knowledge it could be and I'd welcome the opportunity.

Think back to Boxing Day 2015. The Ryburn and Calder Valley were hit, like many
others, by the worst floods in living memory resulting in landslips, demolished
bridges, thousands left heartbroken and homeless, while businesses and dreams
were washed away.

Our moorland is one of many on which rain falls before flowing naturally into
the valleys. It's the nature of where we live and why there is a high number of
reservoirs here. The movement of water is quite simple; it starts at the top and
flows to the bottom. As a farmer I can't stop it from raining but I can help
slow the flow. Grips, dykes, gullies can be blocked but after consecutive wet
summers and winters there's only so much our moorland can soak up. The key is
how water is managed.

Farmers have to be more involved in this; and I wonder if we can store more
water in the uplands, working in partnership with private and government bodies?

I don't believe there's a national answer; local problems often need local
solutions and concrete barriers aren't always the answer. The £35m received by
the City of Leeds to protect its residents and businesses is commendable but
without devising a plan for what happens upstream, is it value for money?

Water is powerful and harnessing it must be the answer. It's amazing how
important a commodity can become when a financial value is attached. At a time
when the rule book is being revisited, let's think creatively about how we spend
our money to protect towns and cities and perhaps consider harnessing the
natural flow to address our fossil energy dependency by considering hydropower.

Rachel farms with her husband Stephen, son Sam and daughter Anna rearing Saler
beef cattle and Scottish Blackface X Lonk breeding ewes. From February she will
become NFU county chairman for the West Riding.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan: Improving small business access to bank credit

LENGTH: 1137  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, March 24 -- THE first of its kind credit guarantee scheme for small and
rural enterprises launched last week is projected to enhance the risk-averse
banks' appetite for financing small entrepreneurs. But the banks will have to
build their capacity for cash flow-based lending for that to happen.The State
Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has launched the scheme under its foreign-funded
financial inclusion programme (FIP). In addition to the scheme, the SBP has
announced a refinance scheme for the small and medium entreprises (SMEs) in the
NWFP, FATA (Federally Administered Tribal Areas) and Gilgit-Baltistan.The
primary purpose of the two schemes, according to the SBP, is to increase the
flow of formal banking credit to the SME and agriculture sectors with 'greater
emphasis on revitalisation of business activities in the troubled areas of the
NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan'.'The establishment of the credit guarantee
scheme fulfills a long-standing demand of the small entrepreneurs because the
banks just don't finance SMEs assuming them to be a high risk sector,' says
Hashim Raza, a consultant and researcher who has worked with the Small & Medium
Entreprises Development Authority (Smeda).'I hope that now the banks will
enhance financing for the SMEs because the SBP will share their losses under the
scheme.

But the results depend on the response of the market to the scheme,' Hashim
said.The scheme provides that the SBP will 'share bona fide losses of the
lending banks to the extent of 60 per cent of their financing to the eligible
borrowers'. Though the SMEs are the largest employers, they have not been able
to avail their due share in financing from the formal sources, particularly the
banking sector. The recent SBP data shows that the share of SME and agriculture
finance in the banks' total financing is just 10 and 4.8 per cent.Moreover, only
seven per cent of the total SMEs use formal financial institutions for meeting
their funding needs thus posing a big challenge to the banks, requiring them to
enhance the level of credit to the neglected sectors of the economy, SBP
Governor Salim Raza said at the launch of the schemes: 'Within these areas lie
the best projects for increase in economic growth, reduction in income
disparities and poverty, and promotion of innovation and entrepreneurship.'The
SMEs' share in export earnings and GDP (gross domestic product) is estimated to
be 25 and 30 per cent. The agriculture sector employs 42 per cent of the labour
force, contributes around 22 per cent to GDP and 60 per cent to exports,
directly or indirectly.'Importance of this sector in our rural economy may
further be seen from the fact that it provides livelihood to 66 per cent of our
population,' according to the governor.The SBP acknowledges that credit
disbursement situation has further aggravated for the SMEs and agriculture in
the NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan, where social and economic infrastructure
have been seriously damaged due to ongoing war on militancy.'Taking cognisance
of the situation, the SBP has initiated many important steps to improve the flow
of credit to the agriculture and SME sectors and boost revitalisation efforts in
the affected areas,' Mr Raza said as he urged the banks to take the opportunity
provided through these schemes to 'reach out to the deprived segments of
society'.Governor Raza said the major objective of the scheme was to enhance the
flow of credit to the small and rural entreprises, which were creditworthy but
could not offer adequate collateral to satisfy the normal requirements of
banks.'Due to the banks' perception about such customers being more risky, the
central bank will share their losses on their lending under the scheme,' he
said. 'In addition to sharing credit risk of banks, the scheme will contribute
in lowering the transaction costs,' he added.The initial seed money of eight
million euros has been provided by the United Kingdom's Department for
International Development (DFID), with the option of later being increased
through allocation of funds from other sources like the federal government and
international/bilateral agencies.Half of the financial resources under the
scheme have been allocated for the NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan and the rest
for the priority clusters/areas in other parts of the country.Under the scheme,
the banks will provide short- to medium-term loans up to a maximum of Rs5
million for up to three years for both working capital and medium-term capital
needs. The lenders will be allowed to charge an interest rate of KIBOR (three
months) plus 300bps.An SBP announcement said it will allocate credit guarantee
limits to the selected participating financial institutions (PFIs) on quarterly
basis. For the component of scheme reserved for the NWFP, FATA and
Gilgit-Baltistan, all banks would be considered as PFIs and for the other
component few banks in good financial condition and having considerable share
and expertise in small/rural/agricultural financing will qualify for receiving
credit guarantee.Under the refinance scheme, the banks will provide short-term
facilities for working capital requirements and long-term facilities for BMR and
upgradation of SMEs or installation and setting up of new units in the NWFP,
FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan. The rate of service charges under the scheme will be
linked to weighted average yields of relevant six-month Treasury Bills and
Pakistan Investment Bonds. The scheme will remain valid for a period up to end
2012.Hashim said the sustainability of the scheme depended on the volume of the
lending to the SMEs. 'If the volume goes up, it will become sustainable.' But
for the SME financing to increase, he said, the banks would have to build
capacity for cash flow based lending and enhance their business analysis
skills.The SBP's prudential regulations for SMEs 'encourage cash flow based
lending by allowing the banks to take clean exposure (facilities secured solely
against personal guarantees) on a SME up to Rs3 million provided the funded
exposure should not exceed Rs2 million'. However, the banks' aversion for risks
and their lack of business analysis skills have prevented them from increasing
financing to the SMEs.Yet, he said, the credit guarantee scheme should have
positive impact on the SME sector as well as on the banks because SME financing
was going to open a new opportunity to increase their exposure to the private
sector. He, however, warned that the scheme, which was right step taken at a
right time, would not produce the intended results on its own unless the SMEs
were also offered financial support for product diversification. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      March 25, 2002 Monday, NORTH EDITION

Aid, officials flow to Templeton

BYLINE: Shirley Barnes; CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: TEMPLETON



- Federal officials visited town Friday, bringing gifts to pay for sewer
extensions and checking the results of a $1.5 million housing investment made in
1987.

Congressman John W. Olver and David H. Tuttle, state director of rural
development for Southern New England, met with state and local officials at the
Templeton Center Fire Station to present a $943,772 ''big check'' to extend the
town's sewer system.

The symbolic check, signed by Mr. Olver and Mr. Tuttle, represents the approval
of a federal low interest loan and a federal grant, according to a news release.

The money will be used by the Sewer Department to extend town sewer lines,
bringing services for residents on Route 68 and along Dudley Road, where there
are failed septic systems.

''This funding will do more than just extend the town's sewer system. By
eliminating septic leakage, this extension will serve to eradicate a potential
source of pollution to the Otter River and protect one of Templeton's four
public drinking-water wells, which is nearby,'' Mr. Tuttle said.

The money was made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Rural Utility Service.

MAJOR GOAL

State Sen. Stephen M. Brewer, D-Barre, called the extension of Templeton sewers
a major goal for which he has worked.

Both the Dudley Road and Route 68 projects are being done by B. F. Amorello &
Sons of Worcester.

State Rep. David C. Bunker, D-Rutland, applauded the cooperation of local, state
and federal agencies to eliminate pollution in small towns that lack the money
to correct such problems.

Sewer Department Superintendent Kent R. Songer discussed the long road the town
traveled to reach the point where work is happening to protect the environment
and stop pollution to the Otter River. ''The Town of Templeton and the
environment have both greatly benefited because many people at the federal,
state and local level worked cooperatively to obtain this funding,'' he said.

APARTMENTS

Mr. Olver and Mr. Tuttle also visited Pineview Apartments, an elderly housing
complex at 11 Bridge St., to see what kind of apartments a $1.5 million loan the
federal government made to SK Management of New Ipswich, N.H., had produced. The
officials toured one of the apartments, the shared laundry facility and the
meeting room to see how well the building has fared since it was completed in
1988.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan: Improving small business access to bank credit

LENGTH: 1143  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 24 -- THE first of its kind credit guarantee scheme for small and
rural enterprises launched last week is projected to enhance the risk-averse
banks' appetite for financing small entrepreneurs. But the banks will have to
build their capacity for cash flow-based lending for that to happen.According to
our correspondent, the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has launched the scheme
under its foreign-funded financial inclusion programme (FIP). In addition to the
scheme, the SBP has announced a refinance scheme for the small and medium
entreprises (SMEs) in the NWFP, FATA (Federally Administered Tribal Areas) and
Gilgit-Baltistan.The primary purpose of the two schemes, according to the SBP,
is to increase the flow of formal banking credit to the SME and agriculture
sectors with "greater emphasis on revitalisation of business activities in the
troubled areas of the NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan"."The establishment of the
credit guarantee scheme fulfills a long-standing demand of the small
entrepreneurs because the banks just don't finance SMEs assuming them to be a
high risk sector," says Hashim Raza, a consultant and researcher who has worked
with the Small & Medium Entreprises Development Authority (Smeda)."I hope that
now the banks will enhance financing for the SMEs because the SBP will share
their losses under the scheme.

But the results depend on the response of the market to the scheme," Hashim
said.The scheme provides that the SBP will "share bona fide losses of the
lending banks to the extent of 60 per cent of their financing to the eligible
borrowers". Though the SMEs are the largest employers, they have not been able
to avail their due share in financing from the formal sources, particularly the
banking sector. The recent SBP data shows that the share of SME and agriculture
finance in the banks' total financing is just 10 and 4.8 per cent.Moreover, only
seven per cent of the total SMEs use formal financial institutions for meeting
their funding needs thus posing a big challenge to the banks, requiring them to
enhance the level of credit to the neglected sectors of the economy, SBP
Governor Salim Raza said at the launch of the schemes: 'Within these areas lie
the best projects for increase in economic growth, reduction in income
disparities and poverty, and promotion of innovation and entrepreneurship."The
SMEs' share in export earnings and GDP (gross domestic product) is estimated to
be 25 and 30 per cent. The agriculture sector employs 42 per cent of the labour
force, contributes around 22 per cent to GDP and 60 per cent to exports,
directly or indirectly."Importance of this sector in our rural economy may
further be seen from the fact that it provides livelihood to 66 per cent of our
population," according to the governor.The SBP acknowledges that credit
disbursement situation has further aggravated for the SMEs and agriculture in
the NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan, where social and economic infrastructure
have been seriously damaged due to ongoing war on militancy."Taking cognisance
of the situation, the SBP has initiated many important steps to improve the flow
of credit to the agriculture and SME sectors and boost revitalisation efforts in
the affected areas," Mr Raza said as he urged the banks to take the opportunity
provided through these schemes to "reach out to the deprived segments of
society".Governor Raza said the major objective of the scheme was to enhance the
flow of credit to the small and rural entreprises, which were creditworthy but
could not offer adequate collateral to satisfy the normal requirements of
banks."Due to the banks' perception about such customers being more risky, the
central bank will share their losses on their lending under the scheme," he
said. "In addition to sharing credit risk of banks, the scheme will contribute
in lowering the transaction costs," he added.The initial seed money of eight
million euros has been provided by the United Kingdom's Department for
International Development (DFID), with the option of later being increased
through allocation of funds from other sources like the federal government and
international/bilateral agencies.Half of the financial resources under the
scheme have been allocated for the NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan and the rest
for the priority clusters/areas in other parts of the country.Under the scheme,
the banks will provide short- to medium-term loans up to a maximum of Rs5
million for up to three years for both working capital and medium-term capital
needs. The lenders will be allowed to charge an interest rate of KIBOR (three
months) plus 300bps.An SBP announcement said it will allocate credit guarantee
limits to the selected participating financial institutions (PFIs) on quarterly
basis. For the component of scheme reserved for the NWFP, FATA and
Gilgit-Baltistan, all banks would be considered as PFIs and for the other
component few banks in good financial condition and having considerable share
and expertise in small/rural/agricultural financing will qualify for receiving
credit guarantee.Under the refinance scheme, the banks will provide short-term
facilities for working capital requirements and long-term facilities for BMR and
upgradation of SMEs or installation and setting up of new units in the NWFP,
FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan. The rate of service charges under the scheme will be
linked to weighted average yields of relevant six-month Treasury Bills and
Pakistan Investment Bonds. The scheme will remain valid for a period up to end
2012.Hashim said the sustainability of the scheme depended on the volume of the
lending to the SMEs. "If the volume goes up, it will become sustainable." But
for the SME financing to increase, he said, the banks would have to build
capacity for cash flow based lending and enhance their business analysis
skills.The SBP's prudential regulations for SMEs "encourage cash flow based
lending by allowing the banks to take clean exposure (facilities secured solely
against personal guarantees) on a SME up to Rs3 million provided the funded
exposure should not exceed Rs2 million". However, the banks' aversion for risks
and their lack of business analysis skills have prevented them from increasing
financing to the SMEs.Yet, he said, the credit guarantee scheme should have
positive impact on the SME sector as well as on the banks because SME financing
was going to open a new opportunity to increase their exposure to the private
sector. He, however, warned that the scheme, which was right step taken at a
right time, would not produce the intended results on its own unless the SMEs
were also offered financial support for product diversification. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

State offers loan relief to black farmers;
zz Move brings new hope to Land Bank

BYLINE:  Donwald Pressly Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 965 words


South Africa's agriculture, forestry and fisheries department is pledging to
take over operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under
distress" which amount to about 10 percent of the 283 farmers facing financial
troubles as identified by the land bank.

The double pronged move is also intended to salvage the land bank from certain
collapse.

These farmers as a whole owe R232 million to the land bank, which falls under
the treasury department. The department's spokesman Steve Galani confirmed that
the operational loans amounted to about R23 million to cover the costs of
operational loans of about 30 farmers.

The new agriculture minister Minister Tina Joemat-Petersson who reported at the
results presentation of the land bank that the new rural development and land
reform department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of that
which is owed. This was over R200 million.

The bailing out of the bank was welcomed by agriculture business chamber chief
executive John Purchase and AgriSA president Johannes Moller who noted that the
bailouts would reduce pressure on the land bank.

Purchase who also welcomed the announcement by the minister that government
would look at merging and coordinating the work of the various development
finance institutions.

Purchase noted at present that the various institutions were involved in
targeting the same farmers in need and many of them shopped around resulting in
duplication. The coordination of their work would remove unnecessary
duplication.

Moller said the bailout could in fact rescue the land bank from going under but
it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets from to take over
the land and operational loans of the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Peterssen had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering the reestablishment of the agricultural credit agency which
previous existed. This meant that farmers could loan money - at a lower rate -
to pay back more expensive loans, including from the land bank.

Ben Marais, president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations onto the rural development and land
reform department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. He was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Peterssen said it was of critical importance that government would not
"just be throwing money into the problem and walking away." Government would not
allow the distortion of normal flow of business processes to rescue individuals
who were not willing to put their shoulders "behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, she noted that w

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Department is pledging to take over
operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under distress".

About 30 of the 283 farmers facing financial troubles, as identified by the Land
Bank, are to benefit from the double-pronged move, which is also intended to
salvage the Land Bank from certain collapse.

These farmers owe a total of R232m to the Land Bank, which falls under the
National Treasury. The department's spokesman, Steve Galani, said the
operational loans amounted to about R23m to cover the costs of about 30 farmers.

Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said at the results presentation of
the Land Bank yesterday that the new Rural Development and Land Reform
Department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of what was owed.
This was more than R200m.

The bailout of the bank was welcomed by John Purchase, the chief executive of
the Agricultural Business Chamber, and AgriSA president Johannes Moller, who
noted that the bailouts would reduce pressure on the Land Bank.

Purchase also welcomed the minister's announcement that the government would
look at merging and co-ordinating the work of the various development finance
institutions.

Purchase noted that the problem was compounded by the various institutions
targeting the same farmers in need. The co-ordination of their work would remove
unnecessary duplication.

Moller said the bailout could, in fact, rescue the land bank from going under.
But it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets to take over
the land and operational loans to the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Pettersson had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering re-establishing the agricultural credit agency that previously
existed.

This would mean that farmers could borrow money at a lower rate to pay back more
expensive loans, including from the Land Bank.

Ben Marais, the president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union, which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations on to the Rural Development and Land
Reform Department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land, and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. Marais was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Pettersson said it was of critical importance that the government would
not "just be throwing money into the problem and walking away".

The government would not allow the distortion of the normal flow of business
processes to rescue individuals who were not willing to put their shoulders
"behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, Joemat-Pettersson
noted that where farms were bought back from the Land Bank, ownership would
remain with the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

State offers loan relief to black farmers;
zz Move brings new hope to Land Bank

BYLINE:  Donwald Pressly Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 965 words


South Africa's agriculture, forestry and fisheries department is pledging to
take over operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under
distress" which amount to about 10 percent of the 283 farmers facing financial
troubles as identified by the land bank.

The double pronged move is also intended to salvage the land bank from certain
collapse.

These farmers as a whole owe R232 million to the land bank, which falls under
the treasury department. The department's spokesman Steve Galani confirmed that
the operational loans amounted to about R23 million to cover the costs of
operational loans of about 30 farmers.

The new agriculture minister Minister Tina Joemat-Petersson who reported at the
results presentation of the land bank that the new rural development and land
reform department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of that
which is owed. This was over R200 million.

The bailing out of the bank was welcomed by agriculture business chamber chief
executive John Purchase and AgriSA president Johannes Moller who noted that the
bailouts would reduce pressure on the land bank.

Purchase who also welcomed the announcement by the minister that government
would look at merging and coordinating the work of the various development
finance institutions.

Purchase noted at present that the various institutions were involved in
targeting the same farmers in need and many of them shopped around resulting in
duplication. The coordination of their work would remove unnecessary
duplication.

Moller said the bailout could in fact rescue the land bank from going under but
it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets from to take over
the land and operational loans of the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Peterssen had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering the reestablishment of the agricultural credit agency which
previous existed. This meant that farmers could loan money - at a lower rate -
to pay back more expensive loans, including from the land bank.

Ben Marais, president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations onto the rural development and land
reform department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. He was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Peterssen said it was of critical importance that government would not
"just be throwing money into the problem and walking away." Government would not
allow the distortion of normal flow of business processes to rescue individuals
who were not willing to put their shoulders "behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, she noted that w

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Department is pledging to take over
operational loans on farms of emerging black farmers who are "under distress".

About 30 of the 283 farmers facing financial troubles, as identified by the Land
Bank, are to benefit from the double-pronged move, which is also intended to
salvage the Land Bank from certain collapse.

These farmers owe a total of R232m to the Land Bank, which falls under the
National Treasury. The department's spokesman, Steve Galani, said the
operational loans amounted to about R23m to cover the costs of about 30 farmers.

Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said at the results presentation of
the Land Bank yesterday that the new Rural Development and Land Reform
Department would take over the land loans - about 90 percent of what was owed.
This was more than R200m.

The bailout of the bank was welcomed by John Purchase, the chief executive of
the Agricultural Business Chamber, and AgriSA president Johannes Moller, who
noted that the bailouts would reduce pressure on the Land Bank.

Purchase also welcomed the minister's announcement that the government would
look at merging and co-ordinating the work of the various development finance
institutions.

Purchase noted that the problem was compounded by the various institutions
targeting the same farmers in need. The co-ordination of their work would remove
unnecessary duplication.

Moller said the bailout could, in fact, rescue the land bank from going under.
But it was unclear where the two ministers would get the budgets to take over
the land and operational loans to the distressed farmers.

He said Joemat-Pettersson had noted during a recent meeting with AgriSA that she
was considering re-establishing the agricultural credit agency that previously
existed.

This would mean that farmers could borrow money at a lower rate to pay back more
expensive loans, including from the Land Bank.

Ben Marais, the president of the Transvaal Agricultural Union, which represents
conservative white commercial farmers, said he was uncertain of the benefits of
palming the bulk of the loan obligations on to the Rural Development and Land
Reform Department.

That department's mandate was to redistribute land, and what had been happening
was that commercial farms had been taken out of production. Marais was concerned
that this would not change simply through this rearrangement of funding.

Joemat-Pettersson said it was of critical importance that the government would
not "just be throwing money into the problem and walking away".

The government would not allow the distortion of the normal flow of business
processes to rescue individuals who were not willing to put their shoulders
"behind the wheel".

While there was not much detail on how the system would work, Joemat-Pettersson
noted that where farms were bought back from the Land Bank, ownership would
remain with the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Afghanistan's woeful water management delights neighbors;
Any effort by Afghanistan to improve water management could ruffle neighbors,
who benefit from the country's losing two-thirds of its water due to lack of
infrastructure.

BYLINE: Tom A. Peter Correspondent

LENGTH: 854 words


For three springs now Zobair Ahrar has watched helplessly as annual flooding
washed away 1,500 square meters of his land - about five percent of his
property. A former dam designer turned farmer, Mr. Ahrar estimates it would cost
$1 million to build a dam that could control the floods eroding the land in his
and a hundred other villages.

Mr. Ahrar approached the provincial Ministry of Irrigation for help. Officials
told him they were investing in other places and he needed to fix the problem
himself. Unable to afford the dam, he and his neighbors will either get outside
help or eventually have to move.

Thirty years of war have left Afghanistan's irrigation canals clogged and
pitted, and farmers are beginning to feel the weight of decades of neglect.
Aside from erosion, farmers lack the resources to build the canals capable of
irrigating large swathes of land - and this in a country where agriculture
employs more than three quarters of workers.

In order to develop, Afghanistan must revamp its water infrastructure, but doing
so could spark tension with neighbors who've come to rely on excess water
flowing from Afghanistan.

"Agriculture is really the economic driver at this stage," says Allan Kelly,
deputy country director of the Asian Development Bank, which has committed $400
million in grant money to irrigation in Afghanistan. "Improving irrigation is
critical to agricultural sector growth ... [otherwise] we'll have the
continuation of widespread poverty and declining irrigation."

Most water flows abroad

Afghanistan doesn't face a water shortage - it's unable to get water to where
it's needed. The nation loses about two thirds of its water to Iran, Pakistan,
Turkmenistan, and other neighbors because doesn't harness its rivers. The
government estimates that more than $2 billion is needed to rehabilitate the
country's most important irrigation systems.

"The farmers are poor people. They cannot buy some machines to dig the canals,"
says Khalil Entezari, head of irrigation in Herat for the Department of
Agriculture. "If we don't solve this problem it will continue to get bigger and
bigger and farmers will continue to leave their land."

One of the biggest attempts to address the problem is under way in Herat
Province along the border with Iran, where India is funding the construction of
a $180 million dam. The project, called the Salma Dam, will regulate river flow
during flood season and reduce the amount of water that flows from the Hari Rud
River to Iran and Turkmenistan from 300 million cubic meters per year to 87
million cubic meters.

"We have never been able to save our water, to control it, and have a good
management system that directs it towards the lands that need it," says Faisal
Ahmed Zakeri, explaining the dam's significance. Mr. Zakeri is the director of
the water management department at the Ministry of Energy and Water in Herat.

When it's completed in Sept. 2011, the dam, and a subsequent canal project, are
expected to more than double the amount of land farmers are able to cultivate to
80,000 hectares. Zakeri also estimates that it will boost farming jobs by 20
percent and raise local wages from $3 per day to $7 per day.

Though the Salma Dam will benefit many people in Herat, its reach only goes so
far. Many farmers like Ahrar, whose land is fed by a different water system,
will still need assistance.

Thirsty neighbors

As Afghanistan improves its own water supply, however, it will also have to
manage the diplomatic fallout over the amounts that will no longer flow to Iran
and other neighbors. While the country's river and canal systems have remained
untouched over the last 30 years, its neighbors have built dams and other
considerable infrastructure that depend on water flowing into their borders from
Afghanistan.

"All the projects that Afghanistan will do, will have a serious impact on the
downstream states," says Matthew King, an associate at the East-West Institute
based in Brussels who recently coauthored an article about water management in
Afghanistan.

If Afghanistan builds dams and undertakes other water projects that reduce the
flow of water to its neighbors' without first obtaining an agreement, in some
extreme cases, Mr. King says it could provoke armed conflict.

Brokering such treaties may prove difficult for Afghanistan at the moment: In
the midst of a conflict and rebuilding, it is uncertain how much water it needs
or even how much it has. The government could lose out if it negotiates such
treaties now, says King.

Abdul Rahman, head of the Herat Professional Engineering Shura, believes
difficult international negotiations over water are worth the effort. Much of
the fighting in the country is fueled by jobless rural people, he says, and
other violence stems from people battling over access to water.

"War lasts for a short time. Eventually it will end," he says. "But if we are
unable to manage the water system it can affect this region for a long time to
come."

Related stories:

Why some Afghanistan opium farmers turn from poppies to saffron

Afghans find modest prosperity in once-banned trade - milk

Afghanistan news coverage

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 11, 2002 Wednesday Five Star Lift Edition

FARM CONSERVATION MONEY STIRS HOPE FOR SHRINKING "DEAD ZONE" IN GULF

BYLINE: Bill Lambrecht Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS ; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Environmental officials are hoping to tap into a fresh source of federal money
to reduce the massive "Dead Zone" in the Gulf of Mexico that has resulted
largely from Midwestern farm fertilizers flowing down the Mississippi River.

Members of a multistate task force said Tuesday that conservation money in the
farm bill Congress passed early this year offers the best hope to restore a
degraded area in the Gulf that has grown to 8,500 square miles - larger than the
state of Massachusetts.

G. Tracy Mehan, an Environmental Protection Agency assistant administrator, said
he hopes the Agriculture Department will give priorities to the problem when it
makes key decisions about spending in the coming months.

"I can't say it's the only game in town, but being able to deploy the farm bill
resources, which are massive, in a targeted way, would be a huge step," said
Mehan, who directed the task force meeting.

The new farm bill authorized a record $17 billion in spending over the next 10
years for conservation purposes that include improving water quality, preserving
wetlands and protecting open spaces.

But the Agriculture Department has yet to make some important decisions on
allocating all that money. For instance, it remains unclear whether the spending
will favor livestock farmers or farmers who grow crops such as corn and
soybeans.

Ann Dubey, the Agriculture Department's farm bill coordinator, told the Dead
Zone task force that her agency will be announcing some of the eligibility rules
later this month, including details of programs that can help farmers deal with
fertilizer runoff.

"It's a lot of money, and we want to make sure we spend it wisely and
effectively," she said in an interview.

The gathering Tuesday was the ninth meeting of the Mississippi River/Gulf of
Mexico Watershed Nutrient Task Force over the last several years, and some who
showed up professed frustration at the halting pace of success.

Cynthia Sarthou, executive director of the Gulf Restoration Network in New
Orleans, said the oxygen-depleted waters had devastated fishing and shrimping in
the Gulf.

"It's bigger than ever, and we're hearing from more and more fishermen that it
is affecting their lives every day," she said.

The scientific name for conditions in the Dead Zone is hypoxia, meaning low
oxygen. The oxygen becomes depleted when the nitrogen and phosphorus in
fertilizers that flow down the Mississippi create algal blooms. Shrimp, fish and
other aquatic life are unable to live without oxygen.

A report by the task force last year estimated that about 90 percent of the
pollution comes from farm runoff and that most enters the Mississippi River
above its confluence with the Ohio River at the tip of Southern Illinois.

Midwestern farmers have fought to avoid both blame and controls on their
practices. Largely as a result of their political clout, the task force has
recommended only voluntary efforts such as building buffers to prevent
fertilizer runoff.

Warren Goetsch, who represented the Illinois Department of Agriculture on the
task force, said he believed that Illinois farmers were making progress, partly
as a result of $1 million in state-financed incentives to apply fertilizers
differently and sometimes more sparingly.

Joe Engeln, a task force member from the Missouri Department of Natural
Resources, argued for better monitoring as a means to gauge success and then to
leverage that success to get more federal money.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: HEALTH & SCIENCE; Reporter Bill Lambrecht:; E-mail:
blambrecht@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 202-298-6880

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, MAP GRAPHIC Graphic , Map by the POST-DISPATCH - "DEAD ZONE"
(Gulf ofMexico)
Source: U.S. Geological Survey

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Farmers must promote CAP

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 520 words


It's a timely message from Agri-Aware, the organisation funded by the agri-food
industry to project an accurate perception of the industry among the general
public.

It's timely, because after 2013, farmers may have to compete for their income
subsidies with the country's hospitals, schools and colleges, and the other
needs of the nation.

To a large extent, this is already the case. However, taxpayers are more acutely
aware of what our government takes from us to keep this country running (which
costs  20 billion per year more than the Government can raise from us) than of
the taxes which are taken from every European, about 40% of which are spent on
the Common Agricultural Policy.

There's a lot of argument now over how to finance the EU. Money is scarce
everywhere, and member states want to reduce their direct contribution to the EU
budget.

When all the arguments are made, probably at around 2am in a meeting of heads of
state some morning in January 2013, farmers are likely to find themselves
depending more than usual on national co-financing, instead of what may have
seemed to be "free money from Brussels".

So Agri-Aware has picked a good time to launch their 'Farmers Play Your Part!'
CAP 2010 campaign, designed to inform citizens on the importance of agriculture,
and why Ireland should spend more of its scarce national public funds on
agriculture   because the EU wants to spend less.

Specifically, EU Budget Commissioner Janusz Lewandowski says farm aid should be
reduced from about 40% to 33% of EU spending, so that more public money can flow
instead to research and innovation.

As usual, history is repeating itself. A decade ago, the Prodi Commission
suggested the CAP budget be cut to 30% of the total EU budget, but Commission
President Prodi was outmanoeuvred by his Agriculture Commissioner, Franz
Fischler, and the CAP budget has increased each year since then, with the bulk
of it being ring-fenced up to 2013 by a deal made by the French and German heads
of government in 2002. Now, French President Nicolas Sarkozy has warned that he
is willing to trigger a "crisis in Europe" if anyone tries to "dismantle" the
Common Agricultural Policy.

But, if Europe is still struggling financially in 2012, the scenario that could
win agreement from all 27 member nations could well include a move towards
greater national co-financing   in other words, more of our tax money going
directly towards our farmers.

That's why farmers are being asked to help tell the public how the CAP
guarantees their access to safe, quality, traceable food at all times. It helps
Irish farmers produce the quality foodstuffs that Ireland is internationally
renowned for, and which are behind one in seven Irish jobs. It helps farmers act
as stewards of the countryside, protecting wildlife, maintaining waterways,
hedgerows and ecosystems, through co-existence of farming and nature. Agri-Aware
has developed a set of communication tools, designed to help farmers get the
merits of the CAP across in the most effective, understandable way possible.

An information booklet, website and seminars will equip farmers for the task.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Providence Journal (Rhode Island)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 24, 2007 Wednesday

Farmland wins protection from development

BYLINE: Michael P. McKinney, The Providence Journal, R.I.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Jan. 24--TIVERTON -- Adding to a green necklace of preserved lands, the 235-acre
Middle Acres Farm in eastern Tiverton has won protection under an agreement that
uses money from the multimillion-dollar settlement of the 2003 Buzzards Bay oil
spill in Massachusetts.

The property, about 90 acres of farmland and about 140 acres of forest, will be
preserved because owner Lucien Lebreux decided to sell conservation easements to
The Nature Conservancy. The landowner gives up the development rights to the
land. In exchange, the owner can see tax benefits.

The conservancy bought the easements for $1.5 million from Lebreux. "The
difference between this purchase price and the appraised value of these
interests represents a significant gift on the part of Lebreux," the conservancy
announced in a statement.

The purchase of the easements came from cobbling together several money sources.
Among them were financing from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the state
Department of Environmental Management, and money allocated from the oil spill
settlement by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, according to John Berg,
Sakonnet landscape manager for the Rhode Island chapter of the conservancy.

Lebreux has farmed the land since acquiring it in 1956, expanding the operation.
The conservancy's statement said that he had, for many years, one of the state's
finest dairy herds. More recently, the farm had been raising beef cattle.

The conservancy said that for Lebreux, "knowing that the land he improved for
agriculture and the operation he built will be preserved for future generations
of farmers was an important consideration."

Bounded by Route 81 and Lake Road, the Lebreux property takes in a substantial
part of the 400-acre Tiverton Great Swamp that provides the greatest source of
flow to the Westport River -- a coastal estuary at Buzzards Bay.

Berg said that's why the money drawn from penalties imposed on the Bouchard
Transportation Co. -- following the April 2003 oil spill by one of its tanker
barges off Massachusetts -- came into play. The money was allocated for water
bird/shore bird conservation.

The Westport River's quality is critical for various birds, and the Great Swamp
that is partially contained on the Lebreux property is viewed as an important
source contributing to that quality. The Coalition for Buzzards Bay was an early
supporter of protecting the Tiverton land, according to the conservancy, and
that ballooned to U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service support.

Berg said that Lebreux's land was being eyed for a golf course and houses, uses
that could have threatened the delicate relationship between water quality and
wildlife.

By protecting the land, Berg added, it adds a large piece to an area of
protected green space over the years that include Pocasset Ridge, Pardon Gray
Preserve and Weetamoo Woods. Last August, the Tiverton Land Trust announced it
had purchased some 48 acres of undeveloped land off Main Road.

To see more of the The Providence Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.projo.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Providence Journal, R.I.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070124-PJ-FARM-PRESERVE-20070124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                     Copyright 2007 The Providence Journal


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: Co-ops Feed Bank Deposit, Loan Business

                              July 3, 1995, Monday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


Agriculture banks in the Upper Midwest are taking advantage of a boomlet in the
cooperative business.

Rural bankers say co-ops are a welcome new source of loan and deposit business -
and also offer much-needed cash flow to their borrowers who are members.

"The idea behind the co-op generally is to allow a producer to retain a larger
percentage of the profit," said Tom Watson, senior vice president of $85
million-asset Security State Bank of North Dakota, Hannaford. The bank helped
finance a cooperative bison processing plant in New Rockford, N.D.

"That translates into greater cash flow, which translates into a stronger
financial statement," he said. "Your producers are better off for it; our banks
are better off for it."

Members of co-ops sell their products to the organization and, as
"shareholders," share in the profits after the cooperative processes and sells
the product.

But some financing needs of the cooperative can be too large for the local
community bank.

"Some of the larger co-ops take so much money, it's way beyond (community
banks') lending limit," said Bob Gruman, senior vice president for lending at
the state-owned Bank of North Dakota, which has participated in loans to
cooperatives.

Many loans are handled by the St. Paul Bank for Cooperatives, a Farm Credit
System entity in Minnesota specializing in financing agricultural cooperatives.

However, rural banks have organized successful participations with other banks,
the Bank of North Dakota, and other government agencies, said Marvin Duncan a
professor of agricultural economics at North Dakota State University, Fargo.

"The community bank still wants to be part of the process," he said.

Mr. Watson's bank participated in the loan to the bison cooperative. Security
State also has seen loan business from area farmers who wanted to start buffalo
herds for the processing plant.

However, "as far as our business goes, (the cooperative has) helped build our
deposit base more than our loan base," he said.

Southwest State Bank, Windom, Minn., already has financed more than 100
producers who are buying from $5,000 to $50,000 each of stock in an ethanol
plant for which ground is expected to be broken this fall.

With construction costs too large to finance, Southwest hopes to make a $1.5
million operating loan with another bank, said James Redding, president of the
$115 million-asset bank.

Stan Seyler, executive vice president of $30 million-asset Security Bank of
Hebron, N.D., said a cheese processing plant for which Security participated in
a $1.5 million loan will increase farmers' cash flows.

"There seems to be an ever-increasing squeeze on cash flows," Mr. Seyler said.
"Something needs to be done to generate more profits locally. If the town dries
up, I guess the bank will go along with it."

Cooperatives gained their prominence in the Upper Midwest because many of its
people have roots in Scandinavia, where cooperatives originated, said Ed
Lotterman, an agriculture economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.

New cooperative activity has been extremely strong in the region in recent
years, said Stuart Peterson, chief credit officer of the St. Paul Bank.

Bank of North Dakota's Mr. Gruman tied the resurgence to a successful pasta
plant that was opened in Carrington, N.D., in 1993 to process durum wheat.

"I think it opened people's eyes as to what co-ops can do," Mr. Gruman said.

Cooperatives allow farmers to keep their products in the area and receive
dividends from the co-op's earnings.

The structure ensures a market for farm products, and it offers tax benefits and
valued added from processing and marketing, said Mr. Duncan, the North Dakota
State professor.

The new co-ops have the same types of risk any new business must face, said Mr.
Gruman, who has seen no loan losses from related loans, although many still are
very new.

He said that he expects the co-op trend to continue, which could create
opportunities for more farm lending. "We're looking at several other projects
right now," Mr. Gruman said.

Mr. Lotterman, the Minneapolis Fed economist, said potential organizers will
monitor the profitability of existing co-ops as they consider founding new ones.
"I see it continuing slowly," he said.

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 712 words

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Duncan, photo

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           September 4, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Globalization is good for you - despite what you've heard: NON-FICTION I The
challenge, say these authors, is not how to stop it, but how to harness it

BYLINE: Peter Hadekel, Montreal Gazette

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. D14

LENGTH: 725  words


It has become fashionable, in much of the developed world, to blame
globalization for the ills that befall the poor, the environment and the cause
of human rights. On college campuses, in trade unions and among intellectuals,
globalization is often viewed as a sinister force that exploits workers,
enriches corporations, increases inequality, robs nations of democratic power
and forces countries into a race to the bottom. The onslaught of criticism from
academics, politicians and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) has been so
intense that dissenters from this view rarely raise their voices in objection.

That two new and important books in defence of globalization have been published
is a happy coincidence. Both authors bring substantial credentials to the debate
and both help to ground the issue in fact, rather than ideology.

Jagdish Bhagwati is the intellectual superstar of the free-trade movement, an
economist who saw first-hand how protectionism wrecked the economy of his native
India. A former special adviser on globalization to the United Nations, he now
teaches at Columbia University.

Martin Wolf, associate editor at London's Financial Times, worked as an
economist at the World Bank. He quit that institution in disgust over what he
saw as irresponsible lending policies that delayed necessary reforms in the
developing world.

Of the two books, Wolf's is the more scholarly and analytical. The sheer weight
of his research is such that he sometimes loses the reader in volleys of
statistics on trade and capital flows.

But while he sometimes edges too close to ideological fervour, his research is
impressive. From it, he concludes the world needs more globalization, not less.

If growth lags and poverty persists in many countries, it is almost always
because of their lack of integration into the world economy, he writes. Recent
economic progress by both China and India is proof that opening to the world
pays off.

One area where more globalization would clearly help is agriculture. Wolf
demonstrates convincingly that protectionism is the biggest blight on global
agriculture, a scandal that can be blamed wholly on rich countries. The
subsidies they lavish on their own farmers wind up depressing prices and
impoverishing producers elsewhere.

For example, the United States and the European Union account for half of the
world's wheat exports, with prices that are 46 and 34 per cent below their cost
of production. The EU is the world's largest exporter of white sugar, at a
quarter the cost of production.

In 2000, the EU provided $913 US in subsidies to each cow and $8 in aid to each
sub-Saharan African. Farm subsidies in developed nations total six times the
amount of foreign aid to poor countries. The solution here is obvious. Free,
unsubsidized trade in agriculture would allow poor countries to compete and
profit from their comparative advantages in farming.

If Wolf is sometimes too quick to dismiss the concerns of the anti-globalization
movement, Bhagwati is refreshingly willing to acknowledge shortcomings and
propose ways to deal with them.

This is especially true for the global financial system. Money flowed into
emerging markets in the first half of the 1990s but was withdrawn at the first
whiff of panic in 1997-98, leaving many developing economies in a shambles.

"The freeing of capital flows in haste, without putting in place monitoring and
regulatory mechanisms and banking reforms, amounts to a rash, gung-ho financial
capitalism," Bhagwati cautions. "It can put nation-states at serious risk of
experiencing massive panic-led outflows."

He argues for a system of global financial governance that could moderate such
wild swings.

But while Bhagwati is cautious about financial globalization, he has no
hesitation in recommending the freeing of trade. It's not a zero-sum game: when
two exporting nations trade goods in which each specializes, both gain. "If I
exchange some of my toothpaste for one of your toothbrushes, we will both have
whiter teeth, and the risk that we will have our teeth knocked out by this
exchange is negligible."

Still, one of the most controversial aspects of globalization is whether
investment by multinational corporations is predatory or beneficial.

On this point, Bhagwati says critics of globalization are like the Woody Allen
characterudonym.

Sue Drake-Johnson

Vancouver

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Fabrizio Bensch, Reuter Files; European cattle: Huge
subsidies prevent developing countries from competing.;
Color Photo: Paul Watson, L.A. Times files; Indian sweatshop: What matters is
that workers make more than in other jobs.;
Color Photo: IN DEFENSE OF GLOBALIZATION BY JAGDISH BHAGWATI, Oxford University
Press, 308 pages ($36.95);
Color Photo: WHY GLOBALIZATION WORKS BY MARTIN WOLF, Yale University Press, 398
pages ($43.50)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

Farmland still good investment despite price, experts say

BYLINE: Matthew Wilde, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 624 words


Nov. 16--Third in a series. For part one, click here. For part two, click here.

WATERLOO, Iowa -- Farmland is still a good investment despite its dramatic
escalation in price, buyers and farm experts say.

Determining when -- and if -- the payoff will occur is open to debate.

The value of cropland in Iowa soared by 23.9 percent this year, according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture. The average price is $5,700 per acre.

Seven out of the past eight years, prices have jumped by double-digit
percentages. Farmers looking to re-invest profits and investors seeking a stable
place to stick money are driving the market.

For good-quality ground, sales usually exceed the average by thousands of
dollars per acre. But will it turn a profit?

"That's the ultimate question," said Pam Johnson, a grain farmer near Floyd and
president of the National Corn Growers Association. "High crop prices sound
good, but you have to look at the whole picture and value of inputs. ... We're
cautiously keeping an eye open for land, but it has to make good business
sense."

Producers consider land a long-term investment. A tangible asset to generate
income for or during retirement.

A year ago Dave and Laura Hommel of rural Ivester, along with Dave's father,
paid $540,000 for 60 acres. They paid cash after a few years of excellent
profitability.

"I still had to convince myself to do it. But we're building equity for the
family," Dave Hommel said.

If farmers buy land outright or borrow less than half its value, Hommel said it
will cash flow. Otherwise, the rest of the operation will subsidize the
purchase.

Mike Duffy, a Iowa State University Extension farm management specialist, said
putting a specific dollar amount on what a farmer can buy or finance land for
and turn a profit right away is impossible.

Input costs, machinery expenses and debt-to-equity ratios vary too much among
producers, he said.

"If I pay cash, it's always going to cash flow. It's hard to cash flow if you
have to put down a lot," Duffy said. "In the long term, land is a good
investment."

ISU used $215 per acre this year when estimating cost of production figures. To
break even, data shows farmers need to earn $9.45 per bushel for soybeans and
$4.03 for corn.

Cash corn and soybeans at East Central Iowa Cooperative's Hudson location on
Thursday were $6.29 and $11.09 per bushel, respectively.

Even if cropland doesn't pay for itself right away, land experts say ownership
has its advantages -- namely security.

Farmers often rent the majority of the ground they work. By owning land, they
eliminate the possibility of losing it to another farmer outbidding them, rent
being raised or the owner selling the property.

"It does create challenges when land is a pure cost because you don't own it,"
said Sterling Liddell, vice president of food and agribusiness research with
Rabo AgriFinance. "At $6 per bushel (corn), land will cash flow with good
yields."

Troy Louwagie, a land consultant and auctioneer with Hertz Farm Management in
Mount Vernon, said land offers a better return for investors than a traditional
savings account, bonds or other forms of secure investments.

Historically, Louwagie said land generates a 3.5 percent to 4.5 percent return
from cash rent. That's taking into account purchase price, taxes and upkeep.

Plus, appreciation is a good bet. Since 1988, Iowa State University Extension's
annual farmland price survey shows crop ground has lost value only three times,
the most being 2 percent.

"Like any investment, you bank on it going up," Louwagie said. "And you're
getting income, like a dividend."

___ (c)2011 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111116-OO-Farmland-still-good-investment-despite-price-experts-say-1116-201111
16

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Sturgeon acts to defuse farm payments crisis;
First Minister 'pushes panic button' with £200m emergency fund to lessen impact
of IT blunders

BYLINE: Simon Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 460 words


NICOLA STURGEON yesterday agreed a £200 million emergency payment from the
public purse to farmers after a botched Scottish Government IT system failed to
deliver hundreds of millions of pounds of EU support. The First Minister said
the money would be paid out in April to farmers who had still not received any
of their Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) funds by the end of this month.

Under the scheme, which was announced shortly before Ms Sturgeon met farmers'
leaders, they will automatically receive 80 per cent of their claim under the
Basic Payment Scheme. It is understood that the Scottish Government will claim
back the funds from the EU later.

NFU Scotland welcomed the end of the "log jam" and, in a damning assessment of
Richard Lochhead, the rural affairs minister, said farmers had been looking for
"clear leadership" for months.

The Tories said the First Minister had "pushed the panic button".

The Scottish Government has failed to hand over around three-quarters of the
£400 million Basic Payment Scheme funds, which are usually all paid by the end
of December.

It was the second time in a few days SNP ministers have bowed to pressure to
bypass the system after Mr Lochhead, agreed to pay £65 million in Less Favoured
Area Support Scheme (LFASS) money to hill and sheep farmers.

The crisis has triggered a furious reaction from Scotland's farmers, with Jim
Walker, a former NFUS president, claiming Mr Lochhead was "out of his depth" and
should resign.

Announcing the cash advance, Ms Sturgeon said the Scottish Government was "less
than halfway through the payment window" as it technically has until the end of
June to hand over the money. But she said: "I very much recognise the cash flow
issues facing Scottish agriculture, which underpins our £14 billion food and
drink industry."

Mr Lochhead agreed last week to provide applicants with a LFASS sum based on
their 2014 payment and NFU Scotland had argued that ministers should do the same
again with the Basic Payment Scheme.

Speaking after meeting Ms Sturgeon, Allan Bowie, the NFUS president, said: "The
log jam has broken. For months, NFU Scotland has been looking for focussed
thinking and clear leadership from Scottish Government to resolve this farm
payments crisis for the bene-fit of the whole rural economy."

Alex Fergusson, Scottish Conservative rural affairs spokesman, welcomed the
support package but said: "The SNP has well and truly pushed the panic button.
It's taken far too long for the Scottish Government to act, and that has hurt
rural Scotland.

"It was first warned two years ago that this IT system was not fit for purpose,
and that has proved to be the case. An extra £200 million fund will not address
that issue and that is why we still need a full, independent inquiry."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2009 Thursday

Official looks at funding options: Loans would help Getrag contractors

BYLINE: Ken de la Bastide, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 760 words


Mar. 19--Contractors in Howard and Grant counties are at the epicenter of the
unpaid bills from the halted construction of the Getrag transmission plant in
Tipton County, according to a state lawmaker.

Of the $45 million owed to Indiana contractors, more than half is owed to
contractors from the two counties, said Rep. Joe Pearson, D-Hartford City.

Pearson is working on several options to provide help in the form of loans to
the contractors so that they can continue in business until the Getrag
Transmission bankruptcy is resolved.

Chrysler and Getrag announced plans in 2007 for the construction of the $530
million plant that would have employed 1,200 people. Last year, because of a
financial dispute, the two sides have filed lawsuits against each other, and
Getrag Transmission halted construction last year and filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection.

Pearson has included in the proposed state budget a line item for the Indiana
Economic Development Corp. to provide loans to the companies so they can remain
in business.

The impact of the Getrag Transmission bankruptcy is being felt by vendors and
suppliers around the state, he said. Pearson said lawmakers from all the
impacted areas are being asked to join in the effort.

"When I started looking at the losses, I wanted to see what the state could do
to help them through the process," Pearson said. "We have to keep those
companies viable. There is an obligation for the state to step in."

Pearson said the companies are doing what they can through the bankruptcy
process but noted it could be years before any funds are received.

Options being considered are loans through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development program and the Small Business Administration, which could
lend up to $2 million, he said.

Pearson said another option is working with Chrysler and the federal stimulus
funds.

"The companies are not asking for free money," he said. "They want to be able to
borrow money or get their accounts receivable paid."

Pearson said he is working with Sen. Jim Buck, R-Kokomo, on having the state
help the contractors obtain bonds so they can bid on future work.

BMD Contractors is hoping to survive and be in business when the Getrag
Transmission bankruptcy is resolved, according to Jim Miller.

"They knew in July that they didn't have money to pay us and kept us working for
12 more weeks," Miller said. "Now we're facing going out of business and owing
lots of money through no fault of our own."

Miller said he paid 100 people for working 60 hours a week for 10 weeks, which
drained BMD of cash reserves. He said the weekly payroll was $250,000.

Additionally, the company ordered $1 million in change orders, and while the
work was authorized, the paperwork to bill for the work was not, he said.

BMD has paid the smaller vendors and subcontractors and told the larger vendors
about the situation with Getrag.

"This has reduced my capacity to do much at all," Miller said. "I am trying to
borrow through the Small Business Administration to keep going.

"Help with cash flow would help more than anything," he said.

Jerry Albrecht, president of Morehead Electric in Marion, said five companies
from Howard and Grant county are working together to resolve the problem.

Morehead Electric is owed $8.2 million.

"We owe distributors, suppliers and subcontractors," Albrecht said. "The
economic flow is down. Paying the vendors is critical."

Morehead Electric has done work in the past in all the Chrysler plants in
Kokomo, and Albrecht said they have been wonderful to work for.

He said the amounts owed to the Indiana contractors are considered secure and
should be paid in the future.

"We need the funds to flow directly to the contractors, so we can keep going,"
Albrecht said. "Any help would be appreciated."

Albrecht and Miller both said the inability to secure bonding is a problem when
it comes to securing additional work.

Normally when a company bids on a contract, it is required to post a performance
bond that assures the work will be completed in a satisfactory manner.

Ken de la Bastide can be reached at (765) 454 -8580 or via e-mail at
ken.delabastide@kokomotribune.com

To see more of the Kokomo Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kokomotribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090319-KO-Official-looks-at-funding-options-0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2009 Kokomo Tribune


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Retaining youths

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Jan. 7 -- Although we smugly talk of the flow of remittance in the nation
boosting its economy, a large amount of money from Nepal is being taken by
workers from other countries, mostly from India. There is no official research
on how much money is taken by international laborers, but experts believe the
amount is much higher than we may imagine.

While more than three million Nepalis are abroad for foreign employment, some
1,700 to 2,000 youths leave the country each day as migrant workers mainly in
the Gulf countries. A data from Department of Foreign Employment (DoFE) shows
that 527,814 people left for foreign employment in 2013/14.

According to the CBS, the percentage of household receiving remittance was 23.4
percent in 1995/6 while it had reached 55.8 in 2010/11. Likewise, Nepal received
Rs 543.25 billion remittance, which equals 25.5 percent of country's GDP in
2013/14, according to Nepal Rastra Bank.

In this context, the government's effort of establishing a labor bank is
laudable. The main aim of such a financial institution is to regularize the flow
of remittance. It will also benefit workers in the nation and overseas by
providing loans at subsidized interest rates. This has raised hope that the
returnee migrants can use their skills and knowledge-earned in course of foreign
employment-to become entrepreneurs.

Bilateral agreements with the destination countries to ensure safer migration is
one of the priorities of the government but more importantly time has come to
think about retaining youths in the country. Mitigating risks of foreign
employment shouldn't be the only priority of the government. Developing strong
policies and long-term plans that entice youths to stay in Nepal should be
government priority.

The government should involve youths while drafting development policies and
motivate them to work for the development of the nation rather than leaving the
country to develop other nations. "It is very important to have an integrated
policy to mainstream skills, knowledge and money earned in due course of foreign
employment," says Sharu Joshi Shrestha, head of economic empowerment unit at UN
Women. She says that returnee migrants should also feel that there are plenty of
opportunities in their own country to stay back.

Some other critical issues vis-a-vis migrant workers need to be looked after.
The first is about changing the cultural mindset. Chief Secretary Lila Mani
Paudyal recently said that we need to change the traditional mindset in order to
retain manpower in the country. Indeed, this fact has been overlooked. Lack of
respect and wrong orientation about informal jobs is one of the major reasons
that has enticed the youths towards foreign employment. They understand that
being employed only means going to offices.

Unskilled Nepali migrants can earn more in Nepal at low risks than in the Gulf
countries but this message has not been delivered to the youth. Apart from
creating lucrative job opportunities, changing traditional and cultural mindset
and attitude of youths towards informal jobs is required. It is certain that
youths will continue to go overseas unless they are given proper orientation
about informal jobs.

Education policy of Nepal has been able to make its citizens literate but has
failed to make them skilled. Due to the lack of skill-oriented education in
Nepal, majority of youths opt for foreign employment as a first choice for
earning their livelihood. Also the major development policies don't match with
the education content in Nepal. Changing education policy in line with making
them skilled is a must to retain youths in the nation. Youths will stop leaving
the country if technical education is valued.

Though migration is a never-ending process, remittance is merely a seasonal
income of the country. For youths, agriculture is a neglected sector. Youths
feel discouraged to take up agriculture as a profession due to probable risks
involved in it.

Even if agriculture contributes one third to the total GDP of Nepal, this
profession has not been lucrative. The traditional form of agriculture should be
professionalized and commercialized. Does the form of agriculture we are
practicing match with the modern lifestyles of people? What about opening up an
agriculture university? Until this issue is addressed, Nepali youths will
continue to envision a future in foreign employment only, irrespective of any
job.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Logan receives grant for sewer project

BYLINE: Thomas Garcia, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


Mar. 16--A $3.9 million grant from the United States Department of Agriculture
will enable Phase II of the Village of Logan sewer project to get started
immediately.

Terry Brunner, State Director, USDA presented the grant March 3 to Logan Village
Council.

Logan City Manager Larry Wallin said total cost of Phase II is $4,102,812. He
said the money comes from three sources, the USDA grant and a loan and a grant
from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

Versatile Construction Company of Logan won the bid for Phase II.

Work began Tuesday on the project, according to Jean Smith, owner of Versatile
Construction.

"We have a year to complete the project," Smith said.

Wallin said Phase II will use gravity flow systems unlike Phase I -- still under
construction -- which uses grinder pumps to move waste to lift stations.

There will be a first-time, hook-up charge to connect to the new sewer lines,
Wallin said. The new service hook-ups will be mandatory for all residents.

Phase II customers can rely on the gravity flow system to move their waste and
the hook-up cost will be $1,000.

For those customers who live south of the Loop Road, on Phase I, the hook-up
cost is $2,000, Wallin said. He said the additional $1,000 covers a grinder pump
to move waste to a lift station.

Wallin said Phase I of the sewer construction is 90 percent complete.

"We just need to start hooking up houses to the system," Wallin said.

Phase I cost $7.8 million; $4.3 million of that cost is being paid for through
another loan from the USDA.

Phase I and II will be tied into the new evaporation pond, which is near
completion.

Wallin said construction of a waste treatment plant in Logan was just not
financially or technologically feasible, citing the population fluctuation
throughout the year with the seasonal lake residents and tourists.

The three evaporation ponds in operation in Logan have been in use since 1972.
Wallin said there have been no major problems with those ponds.

To see more of The Quay County Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.qcsunonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari,
N.M. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100316-QY-Logan-receives-grant-for-sewer-project-0316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QY


                         Copyright 2010 Quay County Sun


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Cubbie: too big, not big enough;
Editorial

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 416 words


CUBBIE STATION, a vast cotton farm in south-western Queensland, is too big in
several ways. To irrigate its 93,000 hectares it is entitled annually to an
amount of water large enough to fill Sydney Harbour â[#x20ac]" on paper at
least, because drought can result in less being allocated. Given that the annual
run-off available from the average rainfall in the Murray-Darling basin,
stretching from central Queensland through NSW and Victoria to South Australia,
is the equivalent of 40 Sydney Harbours, that is much too much. But now Cubbie
Station is for sale, and it is suggested the Federal Government, or Queensland,
or both, should buy it as a way of regaining public control over those 469
gigalitres of Murray-Darling basin water.

The asking price, though, is $450 million: like the station itself, too big.
Though the Commonwealth certainly has the money â[#x20ac]" $3 billion has been
allocated over 10 years to buy back allocations, the Government will be wary
that its owners are asking too much.

Vast though it is â[#x20ac]" so large and thirsty as to have become a symbol of
large-scale agriculture's dangers in the Australian environment â[#x20ac]"
Cubbie Station is only a small part of a much larger problem. The combined
effects of drought and the diversion of water for irrigation across the basin
have cut the water flow through the Murray-Darling. According to the CSIRO, dams
and diversions have cut the total flow at the Murray mouth by 61 per cent. The
Coorong coastal wetland, which used to be refreshed by flows from the Murray, is
now officially dead, since the river stops flowing at its mouth two-fifths of
the time. Before water resource development, the flow would stop only 1 per cent
of the time. And climate change is almost certain to make the situation worse.

The CSIRO has suggested climate change will affect the basin unevenly, drying
out southern parts more than the north. The basin, which crosses four states and
one territory, is precisely the type of problem that the framers of the
constitution saw as appropriate for commonwealth, not state, control. Canberra
should assume management of the basin's water resources in their entirety, with
a view to gradually reducing water entitlements equitably across the region to
sustainable levels.

As for Cubbie Station, Canberra will find it tempting to buy for its symbolic as
much as its environmental importance. It should certainly examine the
possibility closely â[#x20ac]" but it should focus on the even bigger picture.
There is no need to rush.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Livestock producers cheer trade ruling; U.S. policy hurt Canadian imports: WTO

BYLINE: Kim Guttormson, Calgary Herald; With files from Reuters

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 596  words


Canadian cattle and hog producers are heartened by an international trade ruling
against a U.S. policy they say has hurt exports and cost money and livelihoods,
but caution the decision is only a first step in what could be a lengthy
process.

"It's a very important first step in ultimately getting a resolution on COOL,"
Travis Toews, president of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, said. "It's by
no means a final step."

Producers and the federal government have been battling country of origin
labelling requirements since the U.S. introduced them about three years ago.

They've argued that the rules, which tell consumers where the meat they're
buying comes from, is discriminatory, lowers prices and restricts trade.

For example, Canadian cattle cost a U.S. packing plant more money to process
because it has to segregate those animals from U.S. livestock and process them
separately to label them correctly, Toews said.

"Ultimately the place of processing should confer origin," he added.

Friday, a World Trade Organization dispute panel responded to a complaint lodged
by Canada and Mexico. The U.S. has 60 days to file an appeal of the ruling,
which said the U.S. policy gave "less favourable treatment to imported Canadian
cattle and hogs than to like domestic products" and "does not fulfil its
legitimate objective of providing consumers with information on origin."

"It's part of a long, extensive, expensive process," Kevin Grier, an analyst at
the George Morris Centre, said of the ruling. "But it's positive news."

The U.S. maintains the ruling affirms its right to require labels that outline
where meat originated and that an appeal is under consideration.

"Although the panel disagreed with the specifics of how the United States
designed those requirements, we remain committed to providing consumers with
accurate and relevant information with respect to the origin of meat products
that they buy at the retail level," the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative
stated.

Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said the fact the WTO decision was unanimous
bodes well should the ruling be appealed. Canada would prefer to reach a
negotiated settlement, International Trade Minister Ed Fast said.

Grier said the intent of the COOL policy "has always been about impeding the
flow of livestock into the U.S. and it's been successful. It's decimated the
flow of market hogs and there's been a significant reduction in the flow of
feeder cattle and finished cattle."

Jurgen Preugschas, an Alberta hog farmer and president of the Canadian Pork
Council, said Canadian hog producers shipped five million fewer animals to the
U.S. once the rule came into effect.

"Our industries, pork and beef, are so integrated with the American industry,
what that particular rule did, it made our industry in North America less
competitive with the rest of the world," he said, adding that some hog producers
went out of business.

While U.S. consumer groups like the labelling, some industry associations, such
as the National Cattlemen's Beef Association are urging their federal government
not to appeal, citing much lower prices for American ranchers who feed imported
cattle.

Country of origin labelling is required on all meat sold in grocery stores, as
well as seafood, fruits, vegetables, ginseng, peanuts, pecans and macadamia
nuts. To be listed as being of U.S. origin, meat must come for animals born,
raised and slaughtered in the U.S. Meat from livestock raised in Mexico or
Canada for slaughter in the United States must be labelled as a product of mixed
origin.

kguttormson@calgaryherald.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colleen De Neve, Calgary Herald; Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz, left,
and International Trade Minister Ed Fast, in Airdrie on Friday, reacted
positively to the WTO ruling that U.S. country of origin labelling rules have
given Canadian animals less favourable treatment.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday
                               TasCountry Edition

Dairy package debt fear

BYLINE: KAROLIN MACGREGOR

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 518 words


Dairy support measures from the state and federal governments this week received
a mixed response from the Tasmanian industry.

While the support packages have been welcomed, some Tasmanian farmers say more
could be done to help struggling producers.

Agriculture Minister Barn-aby Joyce announced the Federal Government would
deliver $55 million in concessional loans for Murray Goulburn and Fonterra
suppliers.

Farmers will also have access to $500 million in concessional loans in 2016-2017
and 2017-2018, payable over 10 years. The interest rate, currently 2.71 per
cent, will drop to 2.66 per cent from August.

Farmers will be able to borrow up to $1 million or half what they owe, whichever
is the lower figure.

Tasmanian Farmers and Graziers Association dairy council chairman Andrew Lester
was cautiously welcoming.

"It is more debt, but it does do a couple of things," he said. "If people need
money it would be good to get it at a lower interest rate, which this does. It
might put a bit more pressure on the banks, who have been pretty good so far, to
even lower their interest rates for a short period of time." Primary Industry
Minister Jeremy Rockliff outlined the state's response after a meeting of the
industry-led Dairy Taskforce earlier this week.

About $140,000 will be moved from the Into Dairy program to assistance for the
current crisis, including the Taking Stock workshops.

This follows $135,000 from the State Government over three years for the Rural
Fin-ancial Counselling Service.

Bracknell farmer Lindsay Thompson is one of the state's winter-milk producers
who have been hit particularly hard by Fonterra's milk-price cut.

He said while Canberra's assistance was welcome, cash flow over the next few
months was the most critical issue.

"It's a medium fix and it will help a lot of dairy farmers, but the issue now is
cash flow in the next two three months and not another loan," he said.

"We're obviously going into a depressed price. That's going to put a lot more
pressure on coming into the spring with early costs. I reckon it's far worse
than the GFC and I've been through the GFC." Mr Lindsay said what was really
needed was help over the next months, after milk prices for May and June were
slashed from an expected 56c a litre to about 14c.

He drew a comparison with the Australian car industry, but said dairying was not
terminal.

"We're in a dip and I'd think there are nearly as many people- involved directly
and indirectly with the dairy industry as with the auto industry. Why can't we
get the same support as them as a one-off?" Tasmania will share $2 million of
federal funds for a commodity milk price index to provide data about domestic
and export market signals and global prices. Tasmania will also share some of
the $2 million from Dairy Australia.

Canberra will provide an extra $900,000 for Dairy Australia's Tactics for Tight
Times program and $900,000 for rural financial counsellors.

This week farmers protested in Melbourne after Victoria committed more than $6
million to helping producers. Mr Thompson wanted to see short-term support from
the Tasmanian Government.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Tasmanian Country


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                           February 28, 2000, Monday

Leaders argue as damage continues - MURRAY IN CRISIS

BYLINE: TIM FISHER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 368 words


WHAT have we done to the Murray River? It's time we face up to the facts and
show this great river some respect.

We've put dams and weirs in every possible place. We take so much water that on
average only 20 per cent of the Murray's flows ever reach the sea.

We've drained wetlands, altered flows and destroyed riverine habitat. Native
fish, frogs and waterbirds are in decline, while introduced carp thrive. Murray
cod are heading for extinction.

We're still clearing the land for agriculture, destroying habitat, raising water
tables and moving salt to the Murray. On current trends, Adelaide's tap water
will be too salty to drink within 50 years.

And we use the Murray as a drain for polluted farm run-off, sewage and salt.
Toxic blooms of blue-green algae are now an everyday event.

In 1995, the Australian Conservation Foundation surveyed scientists on what the
Murray needed most. The answer was clear -- more water and lots of it.
Environmental flows.

We take too much water from the rivers. Irrigated agriculture takes most --
rice, dairy, cotton and horticulture. Water means money and irrigation is a
multi-billion-dollar industry.

The problem with the Murray is it requires consensus between three states:
Victoria, NSW and South Australia, which have squabbled over everything. The big
loser has been the river.

By the 1990s, the outlook for the Murray was grim. In a historic turnaround, the
Murray states agreed to cap water use, the first step in restoring the
Murray-Darling to health.

But the experts tell us this cap isn't enough; the Murray needs much more water
if it is to survive. A tri-state process will begin thrashing out the question
of environmental flows. But where is the commonwealth on this national issue?

Commitment has been lacking from federal governments of both persuasions. The
Commonwealth Natural Heritage Trust has failed to fix the big problems -- river
flows, salinity and land clearance. And while Environment Minister Robert Hill
has been vocal in his support for action, we're yet to see any leadership from
this Government in restoring the Murray to health.

Tim Fisher is a campaigner for the Australian Conservation Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS


              Lake County News-Chronicle (Two Harbors, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Board split over broadband spending

BYLINE: Jamey Malcomb, Lake County News-Chronicle, Two Harbors, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 801 words


June 24--During its meeting last week, the Lake County Board of Commissioners
approved nearly $300,000 in new expenditures for Lake Connections to add a third
crew this summer to connect customers to its broadband network.

However, in a rare split vote, Commissioners Brad Jones and Jeremy Hurd voted
against the spending and both expressed concern over the spending and the long
term viability of the county's broadband project.

Ninety-eight percent of the broadband project was completed with $56 million in
federal loans and a $10 million grant. Construction of the fiber network was
done within parameters set forth by U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Utility Service and was established according to the area's census blocks,
according to Lake Connections general manager Jeff Roiland. Over the course of
three years, more than 1,200 miles of a fiber network was built, making Lake
County's project the fourth-largest in the nation and the largest in Minnesota.

The county pledged $15 million of its own money to pay for drops or hooking
homes directly up to the network, which includes a $3.5 million grant from the
Federal Communications Commission. County administrator Matt Huddleston told the
board last week that the letter of credit from the county's bank was sent to the
FCC and the first disbursement of funds, a total of nearly $1.3 million, should
be available sometime over the next two to three months. The remainder of the
money will come in monthly installments over the next 10 years.

Earlier this year, the county held several meetings on a general obligation tax
abatement bond to complete construction of the final few miles of the network
near Fall Lake Township and the connection of individual homes in Lake County to
the network. For the moment, the bond has been tabled but Huddleston said it
would be brought forward again at a later date.

Lake Connections requested the additional $300,000 to purchase equipment for a
third crew to build drops as well as contract with Jordan Drilling to perform
underground boring services for drop construction. The company has a goal of
constructing 700 drops during the construction season to keep it on schedule and
produce a positive cash flow for Lake County.

Huddleston said most of the aerial drops, or drops not requiring laying more
fiber optic cable in the ground, are finished and most of the drops now are
requiring more complicated construction to connect homes to the network.

During the meeting, Jones questioned the request, saying Lake Connections had
indicated the 700 drops could be completed by two crews instead of one. He also
questioned why the county was "locked in" on 700 drops and not a smaller number
for this year.

"We were assured at one time they could do this with two crews," he said. "We've
never really met any of our goals with the management team in place, so I
struggle with it."

Board chair Rich Sve said the 700 number is in place because of the business
model the county is operating on to make the venture profitable by 2018.

The county anticipates the broadband fund will have operating losses for 2016-17
while the project finishes, but the financial plan shows the fund having a
positive cash flow for 2018 and beyond. Roiland said the "need to take" rate, or
the percentage of eligible residents the county needs to sign up for the
service, is 52 percent or around 7,500 subscribers. In April, Roiland said Lake
Connections has about 3,500 subscribers and he expects that number to grow over
the summer with more homes and businesses now eligible for service.

Hurd shared Jones's concern over spending more money to continue building drops
and even questioned the long term viability of the project.

"I guess that's my biggest concern," Hurd said. "I don't know if we're ever
going to get right with cash and financing moving forward. I don't have that
same optimism, and maybe I should."

The wait for more information on the bond and for the FCC funds has the county
strapped for cash to fund the drops, with county auditor Linda Libal saying the
money for the third crew wasn't budgeted for this year and the county will have
to dip even further into its general fund for the cash. Commissioner Rick
Goutermont said he understands the concerns, but the only option he sees it to
continue moving forward with drop construction.

"I understand that and we are certainly between a rock and a hard place right
now," Goutermont said. "The only way out of this is to increase our revenues and
the only way to do that is to hook people up that want the service."

Explore related topics:NewsLake CountyBroadband

Jamey Malcomb

___ (c)2016 the Lake County News-Chronicle (Two Harbors, Minn.) Visit the Lake
County News-Chronicle (Two Harbors, Minn.) at www.twoharborsmn.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160624-TQ-Board-split-over-broadband-spending-0624-20160624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TQ


                   Copyright 2016 Lake County News-Chronicle


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 17, 2010 Friday

Cloverdale seeks $3.4 million for water improvements

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


Dec. 17--Cloverdale is moving forward with plans to upgrade its water system to
help avoid problems that led to summertime restrictions.

The Cloverdale City Council authorized the city engineer to pursue federal loans
to make more than $3.4 million in improvements to the city's water system.

"We're looking to repair and construct some of the storage tanks we have
throughout the city. And we're looking to drill a new well," Mayor Gus Wolter
said.

Cloverdale, which relies solely on wells next to the Russian River for its
drinking water, is affected by restricted releases from Lake Mendocino to
protect fish migration.

In recent dry years, Cloverdale also had problems with siltation, pumping of
existing wells and poor production from a new well. The conditions led to both
voluntary and mandatory conservation measures in the summer in which residents
were only allowed to use water outdoors every other day.

This year's above normal rainfall provided a reprieve.

"The issue isn't flow in the river. It's our ability to get it out," Wolter said
of filtering and clogging of wells.

The city is pursing low-interest, long-term loans from the the U.S. Department
of Agriculture to pay for replacement of a well and installation of flow control
and monitoring equipment on three other wells.

The money would also pay for filtration improvements at the water treatment
plant, and replacement and recoating of water tanks.

It would also would pay for a half-mile-long water main in Asti Road, from East
First Street to Citrus Fair Drive.

City Engineer Paul Wade said financing from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
has interest rate advantages, as well as 40-year loan terms and the possibility
of partial grant funding.

If the loans are obtained, some increase in water rates would be required to
repay them, he said.

To see more of The Press Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press Democrat, Santa
Rosa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101217-UR-Cloverdale-seeks-3.4-million-for-water-improvements-1217-20101217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2010


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              New Vision (Kampala)

                                October 11, 2013

Oil Will Not Make You Rich - Minister

LENGTH: 198 words


State minister for Agriculture, Prof Zerubaberi Nyira has advised people in the
Albertine region to embrace agriculture instead of waiting for oil money which
is not going to flow in their pockets.

During the 51st Independence celebrations at Masindi Boma grounds on Wednesday,
Nyira noted, "oil is here and it will be here for over 20 years. But will Oil
money will be used in infrastructure development and not for individual wealth,
work for yourselves now. As individuals to avoid this disappointment, you must
embrace farming, it is the only occupation that will put money in your pockets
and will help you fight food insecurity and improve household's incomes for your
family."

Nyira revealed that people in the region need to strategize and set themselves
in areas that can tap money due from oil activities. "All that is needed is to
set ourselves, construct houses where hotels will be put, set up restaurants and
do farming as I told you," Nyira said.

He explained that there's a difference between development and being rich which
people normally don't see.

"Wealth or being rich comes from your hard work while development is for the
country in terms of roads, hospitals among others.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                   (DealBook)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

White House to Begin $10 Billion Farm Investment Fund

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 609 words



HIGHLIGHT: The fund will be managed by Capitol Peak Asset Management and the
Agriculture Department will help find projects for it.


Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council will announce plans on Thursday to start a $10
billion investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the
opportunity to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater
systems, energy projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

"We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment," the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

"We're going to be a connector," he added. "This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture."

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank has committed the first $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs. Faced with what he described as "extraordinary" demand from
local communities in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted
the help of Matthew McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way
to attract Wall Street and large institutional investors. Through the process,
Mr. McKenna discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in
making investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One specific area where investment is needed is in California,
Mr. Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record.

"There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for water," he
added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pensions funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts - including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation - that combine crops and land into an asset class for
ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack will announce the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials have convened for  the White House's Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. The list of speakers for the event includes Treasury
Secretary Jacob J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock, the world's
largest asset manager.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Moscow News

                             August 13, 2012 Monday

Retaining liquidity

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 941 words


As Russia's economy remains based on oil, another national resource is becoming
more precious to the world's population. Water consumption rates have increased
six-fold over the past century worldwide and are expected to double by 2050.

As demand and use have risen, however, supplies have grown short. The UN Food
and Agriculture Organization reports that almost a billion people around the
world have no access to clean drinking water, and 700 million in a total of 43
countries currently face other shortages, likely reaching 3 billion by 2025.

Concentrated supply

While Russia retains a quarter of the world's surface freshwater reserves,
second only to Brazil, the country will not escape critical water shortages,
analysts say. The major reason is down to simple geography: while 80 percent of
the population lives west of the Urals, approximately 80 percent of Russia's
fresh water is in Siberia's Lake Baikal.

'Freshwater is distributed very unevenly across the country,' Alexander Katkov,
the head of the Russian Water Association, said in an interview with Ecolife
magazine. 'Only 8 percent of Russia's surface river water stock is retained in
the European part.'

Further, while three of Russia's major rivers - the Volga, the Don and the
Dnieper - flow from north to south, bringing water to the country's breadbasket,
most of the rest flow northward to the Arctic Ocean, through regions unsuitable
for sustained agriculture. During droughts, the south's demand for water is
often met only by two thirds, the Russian Academy of Sciences' Institute of
Water Problems reported.

Irrigation was attempted in Central Asia in the 1970s, but the projects were
scrapped the next decade due to a lack of funding and environmental concerns.

Low investment

Viktor Danilov-Danilyan, the director of the IWP, believes that the main
challenge is to ensure proper water management and quality control, as well as
to increase responsibility for wasting water and pollution.

Investment in water treatment represents only 0.2 percent of money put into
industrial production, five times less than the worldwide figure. At the same
time, per unit of GDP water consumption in Russia is twice as high as in the
United States and three times as high as in Germany.

'The greatest problem with our water management system is huge losses in the
domestic sector,' Danilov-Danilyan said in a report from 2010. 'Up to 65 percent
of piping is worn out, a third of which is in critical condition, hence annual
leakage rates amount to 3.26 billion tons.'

The quality of the pipes lies behind the authorities' explanation for annual hot
water cutoffs, that they need to be tested and repaired, perhaps the most
serious problem facing large cities. While the period of the cutoff has been
shortened in recent years - in Moscow, for example, from three weeks in the
summer of 2008 to 10 days this year - consumers still pay in full for supplies.
In many towns, all water supplies are cutoff for several hours a day, either
during a dedicated maintenance period or even year-round.

Pollution and safety

Every year, over 10 million tons of pollutants are discharged into Russian
bodies of water, and out of 62 billion tons of waste water generated, as much as
17.7 billion tons is being discharged into rivers and lakes without being
treated.

'Because there is no national water quality control system, it is only an
assumption that this water has been treated,' Danilov- Danilyan said, adding
that across the country every third inspection of tap water shows quality below
minimum standards.

At the end of the '80s, the main polluter was agriculture, but now it is
industrial and domestic use. The use of fertilizers in agriculture went down
after the collapse of the Soviet Union, reducing chemical run-off, but
industrial and domestic infrastructure has not seen repairs for years. In
addition, water treatment stations have been underfunded.

Moscow's supply is safer

The capital, however, looks like a safe haven. Yury Gonchar, director general of
the Moscow-based Drinking Water Control and Test Center, which analyzes around
100 samples every month, said that tap water in the city is absolutely safe to
drink, and that local rivers and lakes are safe to swim in.

'The water that flows into the city in the north is of the same high quality as
the water that flows out of it in the south,' Gonchar told The Moscow News. 'You
can drink it - the concentration of chemicals is kept within occupational
exposure limits.'

Outdated treatment, however, has its risks. The vast majority of treatment
stations in Russia use chlorine, which can form carcinogens such as chloroform
if it reacts with organic compounds.

'Five years ago we took water probes in several towns along the Volkhov River
[in northwestern Russia], and discovered that concentrations of chloroform were
about 10 times higher than standards allow,' Gonchar said. 'Drinking such water
over a long period of time greatly increases cancer risks.'

New treatments

New treatment technology has been coming into use in Moscow and St. Petersburg
since the early 2000s. In 2009, St. Petersburg became the first city in the
world to abandon chlorine to treat tap water, switching to the use of
ultraviolet light.

Water quality has improved mainly in big cities, but is hard to control in less
populated areas. When, in 2005, a Chinese factory spilled over 100 tons of toxic
nitrobenzene into the Songhua River, a tributary of the Amur, Russia could not
determine the extent of the damage because there were only three monitoring
stations on the Amur, which yielded insufficient data for a lawsuit against the
Chinese company.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 RIA Novosti
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday

Slaughterhouse plan hasn't cut it

BYLINE: Greg Stiles, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


May 18--The idea of locating a new USDA-approved slaughterhouse in Jackson
County grabbed the attention of livestock producers when the idea was broached
in 2012.

But after several widely attended gatherings and what seemed to be a groundswell
of support, the movement has slipped into idle.

Will Reishman, who helped lead the movement, said the project needs someone who
can shepherd it through the regulatory maze and assure it has the cash flow to
survive.

"You're going to have to raise the money up front," said Reishman, a Medford
financial adviser. "But after that, it will still probably be two years before
any meaningful cash flow occurs, and maybe another year to be profitable."

Rocky Cowie, who along with Reishman, Paul Princeton and John Irwin, pushed the
idea forward, said producers generally have too many irons in the fire to stay
on top of a lengthy and meticulous process.

"Most livestock producers have their hands full already, and they don't have the
financial wherewithal for something like this," Cowie said.

A small-scale operation would take between $2.5 million and $3 million to get up
and running, but first would require $25,000 to $35,000 for a feasibility study.
Once that happens, then come the dealings with federal agencies, such as the
Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Department of Agriculture and Food Safety
and Inspection Service.

Some of the early supporters envisioned the possibility of a cooperative model.
However, Reishman said, he thinks the complexities and pitfalls of the project
will require a for-profit approach in order to attract investors.

When cattle ranchers have to take their animals east over the Cascades, south
over the Siskiyous or to the Willamette Valley for slaughtering, that creates an
expense Reishman thinks can be avoided. At the same time he's not endorsing a
feedlot mentality.

"I'd like this to be effectively run by forward-thinking people and not simply
replicate Modesto in Medford," he said. "This has to be oriented to grass-fed
animals, but it doesn't have to be exclusively that way."

Although ranchers avoid the high cost of winter feeding by selling off their
herds in the fall, Reishman suggested a local slaughterhouse could entice
livestock owners to process the beef a different time of the year.

"A slaughterhouse has to run throughout the year, so there could be incentives,"
he said.

Enthusiasm is on the ebb, for now, Reishman said.

"The people who have been passionate in the past are missing and we need a
catalyst to take it beyond this point," he said.

___ (c)2014 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140518-ME-Slaughterhouse-plan-hasn-t-cut-it-0518-20140518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2014 Mail Tribune


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             May 19, 2016, Thursday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 847 words


Attempted robbery reported at Rite-Aid

An attempted robbery was reported at Rite-Aid in Dunbar on Tuesday night.

A white man handed a note to the cashier claiming he had a gun and demanding
money but the man never produced a gun, according to police and a Kanawha County
Metro 911 dispatcher.

The cashier told the man she could not open the cash drawer and he immediately
fled the store without receiving any money or merchandise, according to a news
release from Dunbar Detective J.A. Payne.

No one was injured.

The attempted robbery occurred at the Rite-Aid at 11th Street and Myers Avenue.
Metro 911 received the call at about 9 p.m.

Dunbar police released photos of the suspect. The man was wearing dark colored
clothing and had a hood over his head.

Those with information can call Metro 911 at 304-348-8111 or report an anonymous
tip to 304-766-0201.

Educational 'Garden Party' held Saturday

A Garden Party will be held from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday outside on the
parking lot of Unity of Kanawha Valley. A hot dog sale will be held inside.

The Garden Party will have workshops to educate the community about agriculture
and to encourage home owners to take an interest in providing pollinator
habitats in the Kanawha Valley.

The following workshops will be featured: Raised Produce and Herb Garden Spaces,
10 to 10:45 a.m., by presenter Aimee Figgatt; Weed and Pest Control, 11 a.m. to
12:45 p.m., (John Porter, WVU Extension; Rain Barrel Installation, 12:30 to 1:15
p.m.; Junior Master Gardener, 1 to 2 p.m., West Virginia State University, Jenny
Totten; Pollinator Gardens, outdoor workshop, 1:30 to 2:15 p.m.; Making Seed
Starters 2:30 to 3:15 p.m.

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture will have informational brochures,
cookbooks and coloring books. Capital Conservation District will have
informational brochures and seeds. John Porter will have assorted gardening
information and free plants grown from CCD Donated Seeds. SAGE Sustainable
Agriculture Entrepreneurship will have plants and produce for sale. The Teen
Gardening Group will also have produce for sale. CHG Outdoor Creations will have
handmade outdoor furniture, garden and yard decor for purchase. A gas barbecue
grill will be raffled at the event.

Election results to stand after Kanawha canvass

The unofficial results of the May 10 primary election in Kanawha County will not
change after the completion of the canvass on Tuesday.

About 300 votes were discovered to have not been counted in the unofficial
election after a card was left in one of the vote-counting machines in the
voter's registration office on Election Day. Those who voted early in eight
precincts in the Dunbar area were affected.

After canvassing was completed, results of the election were declared Tuesday at
2:09 p.m. However, they cannot be made official until 48 hours after the
declaration of the results. Until then, anyone can challenge them.

Canvassing across the state began Monday and several counties are still in the
process of making their results official.

Ex-police officer pleads guilty to sexual assault

DELBARTON - A former Delbarton police officer has pleaded guilty to sexually
assaulting a 15-year-old girl while he was still on the force.

News outlets report that 27-year-old Jonathan New could face up to five years in
prison after pleading guilty on Tuesday to one count of third-degree sexual
assault.

State police say three people had come forward, accusing New of sexual assault.

Authorities say New had sexual relations with the 15-year-old in November and
December.

According to the news reports, Delbarton Police Chief Earl Spence says he was
made aware of the allegations in February, at which time he suspended New and
then fired him a week later.

Authorities say charges connected to the cases of the other two alleged victims
will be dismissed as part of the plea deal.

Weather prompts advisory for beekeepers

West Virginia beekeepers are being advised to keep an eye on honeybee colonies
because of unfavorable weather conditions.

A news release from the West Virginia Department of Agriculture said the weather
is causing a delay in honey flow, meaning many colonies have exhausted their
food supplies.

The release advises feeding colonies that are light on honey until the honey
flow returns. Agriculture Commissioner Walt Helmick says feed the bees is
necessary to prevent unnecessary colony losses.

State Apiarist Wade Stiltner say beekeepers also should remove surplus supers so
bees won't store the artificial feed.

Ohio man catches W.Va. record blue catfish

The West Virginia Division of Natural Resources says a state-record blue catfish
has been caught on the Ohio River.

DNR Director Robert Fala says the catfish registered nearly 60 pounds and was
nearly 45 inches long. It was caught with cut bait Saturday during a tournament
near Gallipolis, Ohio, by Mark Blauvelt of New Lebanon, Ohio.

The old state record of nearly 53 pounds for a blue catfish was set in 2014 on
the Ohio River near the Robert C. Byrd Lock and Dam. That catfish set the length
record of 47 and three-quarter inches.

- From staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 15, 2011 Monday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

WIN FOR ENVIRONMENT, ECONOMY

SECTION: NATIONAL; A TIMES EDITORIAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 443 words


As Florida leaders continue to defend the deterioration of the state's
waterways, the federal government continues to clean them up. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture's announcement last week that it would spend $100
million to buy development rights on working agricultural land north of the
Everglades is a boon for the environment and tourism. It is also an important
step to providing South Florida with the drinking water the region will need to
grow.

The money will be open to farmers and ranchers in four counties - Highlands,
Glades, Hendry and Okeechobee - in exchange for them providing conservation
easements to 24,000 acres of farmland. That will restrict development along the
northern and western banks of Lake Okeechobee - reserving the land permanently
for agriculture and open space - and help restore the wetlands that filter
pollution that now ultimately flows into Florida's extraordinary River of Grass.
The easements also will connect private and public lands into a larger
conservation corridor from the Kissimmee River south to the Everglades, helping
to sustain the habitats and food supply for a range of animals, from the Florida
black bear to the endangered panther.

The Obama administration deserves credit for continuing to focus the nation's
conservation resources in a targeted way in these tight economic times. By
setting aside land and restoring the wetlands, the government can target
pollution at its source, creating a domino benefit as the basin flows to South
Florida. The plan also brings private farmers and ranchers into the cleanup as
willing partners, giving them a stake in the conservation effort. That can only
help to bolster public awareness and support for Everglades restoration over the
long term.

Everglades cleanup has never been solely about wildlife or the environment but
how to protect both even as Florida provides for an expanding population. The
land deal will protect fishing and tourism and help South Florida obtain the
clean drinking water it needs to attract new residents and industry. It keeps
farms in private hands and helps preserve entire communities dependent on a
vibrant ranching economy. And it builds on federal efforts last year to preserve
another 26,000 acres of land north of Lake Okeechobee. These moves will give the
state a new avenue for continuing the Everglades cleanup without having to rely
on costly land purchases. And the investments come even as the state continues
to challenge the federal government's call for cleaner water standards in its
lakes, rivers and estuaries. This is a victory for Florida's economy and
environment that will pay dividends for generations.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - EDMUND D. FOUNTAIN - Times (2008): Spending $100 million for
development rights on agricultural land north of the Everglades is a boon for
the environment and tourism.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            January 16, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Parties take farming seriously

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 1095  words


Weak prices for crops, poor quality grain, devastating frosts and flooding --
Saskatchewan farmers have had a tough row to hoe since the last federal election
just 18 months ago.

The United States resumed imports of young cattle from Canada last summer,
improving the outlook for livestock producers after a more than two-year border
closure blamed on the discovery of mad cow disease. But most grain and oilseed
farmers continued to struggle as costs rose dramatically and returns for some
crops dwindled to levels not seen in years.

"In rural Saskatchewan ... my gosh, it's tough out there," said Neal Hardy,
president of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities. "There's no
cash flow left. They've used up all the reserves."

Farm issues are getting attention in this federal election campaign, and Hardy
says it's about time. Party leaders even spoke about agriculture issues in their
final English language debate, a pleasant surprise to some lobby groups.

"I think that speaks first of all to how hard farmers have worked to give
agriculture a higher profile," said Bob Friesen, a Manitoba farmer and president
of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture.

"I'm hoping this means there is stronger recognition of the importance of
agriculture, and also stronger recognition that the crisis agriculture is
currently in is due to factors that farmers have no control over."

The Conservatives say if elected to government they would continue with the
Liberals' $755 million in emergency assistance for grains and oilseed farmers
announced in November, of which about $290 million is expected to come to
Saskatchewan.

The three major parties have all acknowledged problems with farmers' main safety
net program, known as the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program, or
CAIS.

The Liberals conceded CAIS is not working, and say the program will be reviewed.

"We're prepared to put more money in but we want it to flow much more quickly,"
said Prime Minister Paul Martin during the Jan. 9 debate.

Gary Anderson, a Bethune-area producer running for the Liberals in
Regina-Lumsden-Lake Centre, said Liberals understand there is a crisis both
"economically and socially" in agriculture.

"We certainly do recognize that we do have to have funding over and above the
safety nets. Our record to date is about $1.5 billion in the last two years
each, over and above the safety net, which far outreaches what the Conservative
party has promised to date."

The Conservatives pledge to scrap CAIS outright, and replace it with separate
farm income stabilization and disaster relief programs, along with an additional
$500 million in annual funding. They say the new income program will be simpler
and more responsive.

"We've been aware of the problems (with CAIS) but it doesn't seem that they've
been fixed," said Cypress Hills-Grasslands Conservative MP David Anderson. "The
majority of farmers are still telling me it's just not fitting their farm
situation."

The NDP platform includes an overhaul of CAIS, and an end to the
"one-size-fits-all" approach.

"We need real income stabilization now," said NDP Leader Jack Layton. "We're
proposing a billion dollars for the grains and oilseeds sector and it's got to
happen now because they (farmers) don't know if they can put anything into the
ground."

No matter which party forms government, farmers must have a say in what happens
with farm-support programs, said Ken McBride, president of the Agricultural
Producers Association of Saskatchewan.

"We should be the major planners, have direct access to ensuring the next
program is a little more satisfactory than the one we're operating under right
now."

The parties' platforms reveal a significant divide on the Canadian Wheat Board,
the agency responsible for marketing all wheat and barley grown by western
farmers. The board's monopoly, or "single-desk" selling, has long been a
divisive issue among farmers, with some advocating they should be able to market
their wheat outside the board.

The Conservatives are the only party to say it would make the Canadian Wheat
Board (CWB) voluntary.

Ken Ritter, the Saskatchewan farmer who is chairman of the CWB's board of
directors, is adamant that the "voluntary" scenario could not occur. "You either
have a single-desk marketing system or you have an open-market system," said
Ritter.

The Conservatives' Anderson disagrees.

"We just think that it's important to give Western Canadian farmers the same
opportunities that other farmers have," he said.

Farm groups that staunchly support the board say the loss of its monopoly would
be like the loss of the Crow rate, which used to subsidize the cost of getting
Prairie grain to port.

"It's $300 million a year out of western Canadian farmers' pockets if they're
able to do that, and it would be the second-biggest blow that western Canadian
farmers have taken over the last 10 years," said Stewart Wells, president of the
National Farmers Union.

The greatest similarity among the three major parties' agricultural platforms
may be the support of developing ethanol and biodiesel, which uses crops such as
wheat and canola.

The Liberal and Conservative platforms include plans to mandate a five-per-cent
renewable fuels content in gasoline and diesel by 2010.

Regina-Qu'Appelle NDP candidate Lorne Nystrom said New Democrats are suggesting
there be a mandated 10 per cent blend by 2010.

Lionel LaBaelle, president of the Saskatchewan Ethanol Development Council,
called the announcements "tremendous" news, but added the benefit to farmers
depend on how plans are rolled out.

In the U.S., many ethanol plants have farmer/community ownership.

"We're very hopeful that -- when whatever party is in power -- when they roll
out their strategy that they will acknowledge the preferential bias for those
types of ownership models because we think they're really important to the rural
economy and rural renewal."

Other key pledges from the three parties include:

n Conservatives promise to seek better access for Canadian agricultural products
in foreign markets, and to create a green-cover program to help protect Prairie
farmers and compensate them in the event of severe flooding.

n A Liberal commitment to review farm policy drawing on the well-received report
by Liberal MP Wayne Easter called Empowering Farmers in the Marketplace, and to
raise the lifetime capital gains exemption to $750,000 from $500,000 for farmers
and fishers.

n New Democrats will work to ensure farmers have the right to save and reuse
seed and work to develop producer-run co-operatives to ensure fairer price
competition.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Canadian Press; It's been tough going for Saskatchewan farmers
since the last federal election just 18 months ago.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           September 7, 2010 Tuesday

E.U. budget chief calls for cuts to farm subsidies

BYLINE: BY STEPHEN CASTLE

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS

ABSTRACT

The European Union's budget chief, Janusz Lewandowski, said Monday that farm aid
should be reduced to about one third of all outlays so that funds could flow to
research and innovation.

FULL TEXT

In a move likely to spark debate over the European Union's priorities, the
bloc's budget chief, Janusz Lewandowski, said Monday that farm aid should be
reduced to about one-third of all outlays so that public money could flow to
research and innovation.

Agriculture subsidies account for more than 40 percent of the E.U. budget -
worth more than (EURO)130 billion, or $167 billion, each year. A fierce battle
is expected over the future of those subsidies when discussions begin later this
year.

Mr. Lewandowski's comments come several weeks before the European Commission
outlines its vision of the future of farm subsidies - one that will influence
proposals for the next budget.

''Farm spending should constitute about a third of E.U. spending and not its
main part,'' he told Reuters.

Though agriculture has been gradually declining as a proportion of the Union's
budget, it remains one of the biggest expenditures.

Scaling back such payments will be difficult, despite pressure from some
countries for far-reaching reform, because all 27 member nations must agree to
cuts and many are expected to fight to preserve their funds.

Meanwhile East European countries, which joined the bloc in 2004 and 2007, are
expected to push for a more equal share of the pie. The current budget  runs
until 2013.

In a separate interview with the German newspaper Handelsblatt, Mr. Lewandowski
said that the annual rebate accorded Britain, which is designed to compensate
the country for its high payments to the E.U. budget and low receipts from farm
subsidies, had lost its ''original justification.''

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 12, 2017 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mound City Money

BYLINE:  By David Nicklaus St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 711 words


From David Nicklaus' blog about St. Louis business. STLtoday.com/moundcitymoney

Fed survey finds 8 percent decline in farmland prices - Farm incomes and
farmland prices both fell in the fourth quarter of 2016, a survey by the St.
Louis Federal Reserve Bank finds.

The Fed polled agricultural bankers in its district, which covers all of
Arkansas and parts of six other Midwestern and Southern states. The bankers
estimated that prices of crop land fell 8 percent last year while the value of
pasture or ranch property fell 3.5 percent.

The survey showed a decline in farm income for the 12th straight quarter. The
bankers also said farmers cut back their household and capital spending in
response to lower crop prices.

"We are experiencing the same effects of the lower corn prices that other
financial institutions are experiencing," one Illinois banker told the Fed.
"Farmland values have decreased slightly; however, they are still very high
compared to what any farm can cash flow from straight commodity crop
production."

The Fed also asked questions about the market for farmland. Bankers said they
expected the volume of land sales to be about the same this year as it was in
2016. Sixty-nine percent of bankers said the majority of land sold in their area
was purchased by farmers, as opposed to investors or developers. (02.09)

Big investors push for end to dual-share classes - Big money managers and
pension funds are becoming increasingly outspoken about companies that don't
give equal voting rights to all shareholders.

An effort called the Investor Stewardship Group, announced this week, is pushing
for corporate governance principles that include a one-share, one-vote standard.

The group says companies should "avoid adopting share structures that create
unequal voting rights among their shareholders." Firms with such dual-class
shares should phase them out, the group adds.

Investor Stewardship Group members include private-sector money managers
BlackRock, Vanguard and T. Rowe Price along with public pension funds from
California and Washington.

Separately, the Council of Institutional Investors sent a sharply worded letter
to Snap, the latest company to issue shares with unequal voting rights.

"As long-term investors, we believe a decision by Snap to go public with the
reported dual class structure will undermine the quality and confidence of
public shareholders in the market," the council's letter says.

In its initial public offering, Snap is proposing to issue shares with zero
voting rights. That would leave founders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy with 70
percent voting control in the company, even though they would own less than half
of the shares.

As I described in a recent column, the principle of one share, one vote has been
eroded by many other technology companies, including Google and Facebook.
Investors who oppose the dual-class system seem to be fighting a losing battle.

They're going to keep fighting, however.

"We strongly urge Snap to reconsider the proposed structure, and instead go to
market with a single-class voting structure, which overall is associated with
stronger long-term performance," the council says in its letter. (02.03)

Missouri posts above-average GDP growth - Missouri's economy grew faster than
the nation's in last year's third quarter, propelled by strength in agriculture
and wholesale trade.

The state's gross domestic product grew at a 3.8 percent annual rate in the
July-September quarter, beating the national growth rate of 3.5 percent.
Missouri has topped the U.S. growth rate in five of the past six quarters.

Illinois, on the other hand, has been a laggard. Its 2.9 percent third-quarter
GDP growth was below the national rate for the sixth time in the past eight
quarters.

Both states' growth was led by the wholesale trade sector, which includes
warehouse and distribution firms. Illinois' farm output shrank during the
quarter, but Missouri agriculture made a strong positive contribution to GDP
growth.

In both states, output from mining, non-durable goods manufacturing and real
estate shrank during the third quarter.

South Dakota had the quarter's fastest GDP growth at 7.1 percent, the Commerce
Department reported Thursday. New Mexico was the only state in the red at minus
0.1 percent. (02.03)

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 17, 1984, Wednesday, Final Edition

USDA Wants Money Back From Farmers

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 510 words


What the left hand of government gave farmers in 1982, the right hand now is
taking away.

The Agriculture Department is trying to get corn and sorghum farmers to pay back
about $240 million of subsidy payments -- overpayments, actually -- that it
advanced to them in a controversial political gambit just before the 1982
election.

Although farmers are being required to return the 1982 overpayments, they will
not be charged for using the money until now -- a congressional stipulation that
will cost the Treasury more than$50 million in lost interest.

The $240 million was part of the federal "deficiency payment" program for
farmers, which pays them a direct subsidy to help cover production costs when
market prices fall below a predetermined target level.

The advance payments were computed on projected 1983 market prices, but drought
and the federal crop-reduction program helped push actual prices above the
target levels. This meant that the Department of Agriculture overpaid corn
growers by $292 million and sorghum producers by $23 million.

According to Richard W. Goldberg, deputy undersecretary of agriculture, about
$70 million of the corn money and $7 million of the sorghum money had been
repaid to the department before the collection program began this month.

The department's main collection device is to offset the farmers' 1982 debt from
payments they are being given in advance of next year's harvest, another
political step aimed at encouraging reduced planting and putting cash in
farmers' pockets before the election.

Goldberg said a farmer's debt will be deducted from any funds he may be due from
any federal agricultural-support program, ranging from dairy and soil
conservation to acreage-diversion and advance deficiencies.

Under USDA policy, a new 13 percent penalty will be charged to farmers who have
not returned their 1982 payments by the end of this month. Farmer-debtors who
are not enrolled in any federal programs, however, will have until next April 1
to settle their accounts, Goldberg said.

In 1982 and again this year, the department came under heavy pressure from farm-
state members of Congress to give economically hard-pressed farmers an extra
hand by advancing them money for participating in the 1983 and 1985 federal
crop-support programs.

Secretary John R. Block announced earlier that the department will advance
farmers as much as 50 percent of the money they might anticipate receiving next
year from the acreage-reduction and deficiency-payment programs.

The department's repayment program has drawn a protest from at least one farm
state official, Minnesota Agriculture Commissioner Jim Nichols, a Democrat, who
said the advance payment schemes were "the most blatant attempt to buy the farm
vote with taxpayers' dollars in the history of this nation."

Nichols, among others, urged Block last spring to make advance payments to
farmers for participation in the 1984 crop programs, a move he said would help
producers with immediate cash-flow problems. Block rejected the request.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                            April 29, 2009 Wednesday

Menallen, German townships get funds for projects

BYLINE: Liz Zemba

LENGTH: 301 words


Menallen Township in Fayette County will receive $5.6 million to upgrade an
existing wastewater treatment project to handle an additional 50,000 gallons per
day, according to a news release from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The money is through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, according to
the release.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the funding Tuesday as part of
$615.8 million in water and environmental projects to be funded nationwide
through the act, which was signed into law by President Obama.

In all, the money will fund 193 projects in 34 states.

German Township in Fayette County has been awarded more than $5.5 million in
loans and grants to build a wastewater collection system.

The new system will replace malfunctioning and deteriorating systems in
Edenborn, McClellandtown and Ronco. An estimated 1,465 residents will benefit.

The money, made available through the USDA's Rural Development programs, is
earmarked for the township's sewer authority in McClellandtown. The funds are in
the form of $1.1 million in loans and $4.4 million in grants.

Township Supervisor Dan Shimshock said the money represents the second and final
stage of the project. In 2006, the township was awarded $7.9 million for the
first phase.

Shimshock said work will include construction of a treatment plant capable of
handling 180,000 gallons per day.

When finished, the system should spur development, Shimshock said, especially
along a five-mile section of Route 21 that is undeveloped.

In addition to treating waste water from existing homes and businesses, the
plant will be designed to handle flow from the anticipated construction of a
state prison, Shimshock said.

Shimshock said construction on the new waste-water treatment system could begin
by the first quarter of 2010.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                           February 4, 2004 Wednesday

Bountiful rains bring blessings for farmers

BYLINE: DAVID RUDGE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 604 words


For the first time in more than five years, cutbacks in freshwater quotas to
farmers are to be eased thanks to the rains of this winter and last year that
have filled Lake Kinneret almost to the brim.

Reductions in the allocation of water from the Kinneret for farmers in the
Galilee, the Golan Heights, and the Jordan Valley have been canceled, Water
Commissioner Shimon Tal announced Tuesday.

The decision does not include areas where water is drawn from underground
sources or where the size of the cutback will be determined by the hydrological
situation, nor does it apply to other parts of the country, he added.

Nevertheless, all farmers will benefit from Tal's announcement that an
additional 92 million cubic meters of water would be made available for the
nation's agricultural industry.

The move was warmly welcomed by farmers, whose abilities to cultivate crops has
been severely restricted by the 50 percent cutback in freshwater quotas. There
was no restriction on recycled water, for those fortunate enough to receive such
supplies.

The overall cutback, as a result of the measures announced by Tal, will be
reduced to 38.5%, compared to the situation in 1999 and beforehand.

The decision was in line with the recommendations of a recent meeting of the
Water Management Committee, and was coordinated with National Infrastructure
Minister Yosef Paritzky.

The allocation of the additional 92 m.cu.m. of fresh water will be determined in
conjunction with the Agriculture Ministry.

"In light of the precipitation in the Kinneret catchment area and the state of
the lake, we saw the possibility of canceling the cutback to agriculture in the
Kinneret catchment area," Tal told reporters Tuesday.

"In other parts of the country, the cutback will stand at 38.5%, and the
criteria for the allocation and distribution of the additional water will be
determined by the Agriculture Ministry."

In addition, for the first time in 11 years, pumping from the Yarmuk River into
the Kinneret has been temporarily suspended, Tal said.

The Yarmuk flows from Jordan into the southern reaches of the Jordan River,
where a dam at Naharayim enables the water to be stored and then pumped
northwards into the lake. The Naharayim sluice gates have been opened this
winter, allowing the waters to flow into the southern reaches of the Jordan
River and down to the Dead Sea.

Tal said Lake Kinneret will likely be filled by rainfall and the inflow from the
upper reaches of the Jordan River and its tributaries, as well as streams
flowing down from the Golan Heights and the Upper Galilee. For these reasons, it
was decided that the pumping of water northwards from the Yarmuk was superfluous
and stopping it could save money.

Lake Kinneret rose three centimeters on Tuesday to reach 209.87 meters below sea
level, just 97 cm. from the maximum mark of 208.90 cm.

Tal is to decide soon when to open the Deganya sluice gates - for the first time
in more than a decade - to avoid the risk of flooding around the lake,
especially in Tiberias. Water Commissioners' Office spokesman Uri Schor said the
decision would be taken in accordance with rainfall, weather forecasts, and the
flow into the Kinneret.

The Israel Meteorological Service said rain over the past few days, mainly in
the North, is expected to continue until Friday.

Despite the past two wet winters, Schor stressed that there is still a deficit
of between 700 m.cu.m. to 1 billion cubic meters.

Furthermore, he said, consumption outstrips the average annual recharge from
rainfall of the Kinneret and the nation's two other main freshwater storage
resources, the coastal and mountain aquifers.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Port Royal gets money to upgrade water system

BYLINE: Dawnthea Price, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 231 words


Feb. 22--With the U.S. Department of Agriculture investing nearly $400,000, Port
Royal's plans for a new water system are moving forward.

The USDA's Virginia Rural Development Office is providing the Caroline County
town with a $187,000 grant and a $212,000 loan to replace its World War II-era
water tank and pipes.

In a news release, the office said the funds will go toward the installation of
a new tank and emergency generator, as well as the replacement of water meters
and about 5,700 feet of water lines.

"USDA Rural Development's water and waste disposal programs provide funding,"
said Basil Gooden, the office's state director, "for rural localities in need of
clean and reliable drinking water systems and for sanitary sewage and waste
disposal."

The new system, which is tentatively scheduled for installation in late 2017 or
early 2018, will increase the town's tank size from 21,000 to 25,000 gallons.
Port Royal's water system serves 70 residential and 10 commercial customers.

Grant administrator Alex Long said the town now has all the funding it needs to
move forward on the project.

"It's great," he said. "It is the last piece of the puzzle.

Dawnthea Price: 540.374-5403

dprice@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2016 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160222-FB-Port-Royal-gets-money-to-upgrade-water-system-0222-20160222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2016 The Free Lance-Star


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Second Edition

Murray fix ona slow trickle

SECTION: NEWS; Leaders; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 853 words


There is little surprise that the release of the latest Â­Murray-Darling basin
plan has prompted predictable positioning by interest groups that have been
rehearsing these routines since before John Howard said five years ago that the
river system was broken. But the plan released yesterday does move closer to
resolving a long-standing national issue, notwithstanding the fact that as a
more political document than last year's ill-fated bureaucratic plan it leaves
important matters unresolved.

The longer the issue is left unresolved the more risk there is that uneconomic
rural producers will feel they can remain in unviable businesses, money will
continue to be wasted on excessively expensive infrastructure and the long-term
damage to the river system will rise, although recent rain has eased that
concern in the short term.

The Murray-Darling Basin Authority is now proposing that an extra 2750
gigalitres of water be returned to the river system annually after a seven-year
phase-in period. This contrasts with the 3000 to 4000 gigalitre range that was
mooted in the plan last year and which resulted in angry protests in some
Â­irrigation communities.

With 40 per cent of national agriculture produce coming from the basin, 2
million people living in the area and another million people outside the region
depending on it for water, the health of the Murray River system is important to
the national economy. And with $8.9 billion in federal funds committed to making
the river remediation project work at a time when the government needs to rein
in spending to push the budget back into surplus, there is a need to ensure this
money is being spent effectively.

The rigid position taken yesterday by irrigation community representatives and
environmentalists paved the way for an unfortunate response by both sides of
politics. Tony Abbott criticised the government for not moving earlier with more
spending on irrigation infrastructure improvement to reduce the need for
reductions in water allocations. The government talked up infrastructure
spending as the way out of the political impasse it will face if rural
communities embark on another round of sometimes irrational responses to the
idea that water should be used efficiently.

The Productivity Commission has strongly criticised excessive use of public
sector Â­irrigation infrastructure improvements because the savings involved can
cost as much as 40 per cent more than water saved by well targeted on-market
purchasing. Subsidising infrastructure is also unfair to those rural producers
who have already recognised the value of their water rights and spent their own
money making sure they don't waste it. And given the changing nature of
irrigation agriculture when water rights can be traded, we need to avoid the
gold-plating of infrastructure that is then not properly used.

The states also must move faster to charge the full cost of supplying water to
users so they appreciate the true cost of the sunk infrastructure spending and
can make a proper assessment of the value of their enterprise. Proper charging
and a freer market in trading rights - especially outside each region - could
reduce the costs of both government infrastructure spending and buybacks. We
don't have a clear idea whether it would be more cost effective to buy people
out of some unviable irrigation communities rather than persist with higher-cost
infrastructure spending.

While there has been loud criticism of the plan, it is important to realise how
much progress has been made with the investment of this public money. Of the
2750 gigalitres proposed to be cut from allocations, 1064 gigalitres has been
achieved and 214 recently announced. With seven years to get the remaining 1469
gigalitres, local initiatives, more efficient infrastructure and more efficient
purchasing via, for example, seasonal buybacks should reduce the cutback task
further.

Some regions, including South Australia, have already achieved a lot of what is
being asked in cutbacks, so there is a a lot of political posturing going on.

And while South Australian Premier Jay Weatherill was talking up a High Court
challenge to the plan yesterday, there are some big issues to be resolved about
whether more could be done to flush the Murray mouth using tidal flows instead
of high-cost actions under the plan. This would occur at the cost of allowing
salinity levels to rise in the neighbouring lakes, as was the case when the
whole system was more subject to Â­natural flows.

While the science about the water needed to maintain the river system should be
the main driver of this process, it is alsoimportant not to develop a blunt
instrument that overÂ­allocates water to the environment in much the same way
that water was persistently over-allocated to otherwise uneconomic agriculture
in the past.

Allocations have been cut back more than now proposed during droughts when there
simply was no water and some farmers learnt to be thrifty. But proposed cutbacks
also must be a response to potentially strong water flow during wetter times.
These issues need to be considered in the 2015 review.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Prices eroding for Sask. crops

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, Special to The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Kevin Hursh; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 636  words


A year ago, stock markets around the world were crashing. The impending economic
crisis dominated news coverage. Amazingly, grain prices came through the
downturn relatively unscathed.

Stock markets have now recovered much of their losses and most economic
indicators point to a fragile economic recovery. Meanwhile, grain prices have
dropped precipitously and the outlook is much more guarded than a year ago.

Market analysts do not agree on what's going to happen in the months ahead. Some
point to India and China, saying increased demand from those countries is going
to be positive. Both of those big buyers seem to be pulling out of the recession
quite nicely.

According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Chinese corn and soybean
production will be down this year and China has the money to increase imports.
India has enacted anti-hoarding measures that have caused a drop in yellow pea
prices, but that should be a short-term situation and then it could be back in
the market.

Some attribute the recent downturn in prices to harvest pressure as producers
make sales off the combine. It's best when marketing decisions can be divorced
from cash flow and bin space considerations, but there are years when the best
prices are at harvest time and the market gets worse rather than recovering.

Other market analysts believe that's the kind of year we may be facing. David
Drozd of Ag-Chieve in Manitoba has been predicting that markets will come under
extreme pressure.

Drozd worries prices will break below defined areas of support and fall lower.
He says prices right now may be attractive compared to what they might look like
two or three months from now.

The most serious threat from early fall frost has passed both here in Western
Canada and in parts of the U.S. The Americans are looking at large corn and
soybean crops that continue to get bigger with each new report.

And there are some unusual forces at work. A Canadian shipment of flax to Europe
has been rejected due to the alleged presence of a GMO variety. A GMO flax
variety was developed, but it was never commercialized. How it could contaminate
a shipment has not been explained, but the situation seems to have contributed
to a big drop in flax prices.

On lentils, market analyst Larry Weber is making the argument Canadian
production is going to be larger than anyone thought. He's urging producers to
grab profitable prices while they're still available. Lentil prices have been
steadily dropping.

Canola that was well over $10 a bushel a couple of months ago is now under $9,
even though a lot of new domestic crush capacity is scheduled to come on stream
in 2010.

The Canadian Wheat Board pool return outlooks for wheat, durum and malting
barley have all taken nasty tumbles. No. 1 spring wheat with 12.5 per cent
protein now has an expected price of just $4.83 a bushel after average
Saskatchewan freight and handling is deducted. The CWB notes the wheat market
has been pressured by the harvest in the northern hemisphere and generally
favourable growing conditions.

No. 1 durum with 13 per cent protein has a PRO of $5.30 a bushel after
deductions. On malting barley, excellent quality and above average yields in
Europe has pressured international prices. Two-row malting barley now has an
expected Saskatchewan price of just $3.44 a bushel.

Those are all ugly prices compared to what we've seen the past couple of years.

Producers do have reasons to be thankful. In most cases, yields are better than
expected. An early fall frost has been averted and the warm weather has helped
hasten crop development. So far, crop quality looks good.

But price levels have become a big question mark, even though the world economy
seems to be improving.

Kevin Hursh is a consulting agrologist and farmer based in Saskatoon. He can be
reached at kevin@hursh.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          November 17, 2004 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

Loan money for businesses flows into County

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


The Northern Maine Development Commission has acquired more money to assist
businesses wanting to come to Aroostook County and to expand those that are
already in Maine's northernmost county.

Money from three sources has created another $1 million fund, according to Duane
Walton, director of the business finance department at NMDC.

Michael Aube, state director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development office, delivered $750,000 last week, a loan that will be repaid
over 20 years at an interest rate of 1 percent.

On the same day, Nov. 8, the NMDC received a $200,000 grant from the Maine
Department of Economic Development. The commission put in another $50,000 to
create the $1 million package.

"This is money that can be used for most everything to expand business in our
service area," Walton said Tuesday. "We are currently looking at three packages,
but we can't release details at this point.

"We have shown that there is a need in Aroostook County," he said. "We will have
more projects coming on line as well in conjunction with Aroostook Partnership
for Progress."

Walton said the money in the package is used as leverage funding when developing
financial packages. The USDA money will be repaid. The remainder of the money is
grant money.

Money from the $1 million fund is loaned to prospective businesses at 6 percent.
The repayment is used to repay USDA and cover the administrative costs of the
program.

The fund, according to Walton, can finance up to 50 percent of a business
proposal.

The package announced by Walton is the third in a series received by the NMDC.
Previous Intermediary Relending Program funds amount to about $3 million.

Walton said that money has been used to finance in excess of $140 million in
business and industrial expansion.

"This is a real good program," Walton said. "We have been able to show that
there is a need for additional funding.

"Our developments have shown there is a need and even more projects are coming
along in conjunction with Aroostook Partnership for Progress," he said. "It's
all about promoting new and expansion businesses."

It was the second initiative announced by the NMDC in recent weeks.

Earlier, the NMDC announced the Aroostook Investment Exchange.

With that program, Walton and the NMDC bring together people with an idea for an
industry or business with people who have venture capital. The development of
AIX comes through the NMDC's Northern Maine Finance Corp. The proposal was
modeled after the Maine Investment Exchange that has been successful in southern
Maine, according to Walton.

"We found considerable need for equity investment and venture capital," Walton
said. "It replaces having to find loans which need to be repaid on a fixed
schedule.

"It provides a forum for new or expanding firms looking for venture capital to
get together with those that have the capital," he said. "We screen applicants,
we have a list of people with capital, and we put them together."

He said after that it's up to the business prospect and those who have the
capital to make a deal.

Walton said his group provides a "forum to bring partners together."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 20, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FUTURES/OPTIONS ;
Cattle Contracts Drop Amid Heavy Marketing



BYLINE:
By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 18, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 370 words


Livestock and meat prices were sharply lower yesterday in moderate trading on
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange as farmers continued to market abundant supplies
of beef on cash markets to pay their bills.

''We're just well supplied with red meat, the demand is sluggish overall and the
farm economy cannot stand to see a downtrending market right now,'' said Chuck
Levitt, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Shearson Lehman Brothers.

Mr. Levitt said beef producers marketed 16 percent more beef cows in January
than they did a year earlier because they have little incentive to retain their
herds.

''They don't have the money, and they have to meet their cash flow,'' he said,
''so they end up sending 16 percent more beef cows to slaughter. The total
slaughter of cattle is still at a level that is satisfying demand.''

Weakness in cash wholesale prices is pulling futures prices down, he said, and
speculators who bought contracts after a Feb. 11 Agriculture Department report
showed a sharp reduction in cattle inventories are beginning to sell out.

Phil Stanley, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Thomson McKinnon Securities,
noted that current futures prices are higher than cash quotes.

Hogs and pork bellies were also under pressure yesterday from weakness in the
cash markets, Mr. Levitt said.

Prices of grain and soybean futures were mostly lower on the Chicago Board of
Trade.

Prices fell sharply early in the session in response to the strength of the
dollar against foreign currencies, which increases the cost of American products
to foreign buyers.

Soybeans declined despite a report Friday from the Agriculture Department
indicating than farmers now intend to plant fewer soybean acres this spring than
had been expected.

Dale Gustafson, a grain analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert, said demand in
Europe for United States soy meal was particularly weak.

Further pressure came from news of weekend rainfall in Brazil, where soybean and
corn crops needed moisture. Prices recovered near the close of trading,
primarily for technical reasons such as trends on price charts, Mr. Gustafson
said.

Petroleum futures were mixed in featureless trading on the New York Mercantile
Exchange.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            May 16, 2007, Wednesday

Capitol Market seeks security system;
Facility asking Urban Renewal Authority for funds in order to reduce number of
guards

BYLINE: GEORGE HOHMANN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 511 words


DAILY MAIL BUSINESS EDITOR

The Charleston Urban Renewal Authority was scheduled to consider a Capitol
Market request today for money to help pay for an electronic security system.

Tammy Borstnar, the market's executive director, said the idea is to install an
electronic system so the market can reduce its security cost. The market paid
Security America Inc. $60,833 last year to provide security, she said.

An electronic system might allow the market to reduce that cost by about 45
percent or $27,375 a year. "Over five years, the savings could total $136,875,"
Borstnar said.

The market now employs a guard from 6 p.m., when the market closes, to 9 a.m.,
when it opens. That involves two guards and two shifts.

"We're hoping to reduce that by one person and reduce the hours," Borstnar said.
The idea is to have a four-hour shift in the evening, from the time the market
closes to the time SoHo's Restaurant closes. The guard would be available to
escort customers to their vehicles and provide access to growers who are coming
into the market with deliveries.

A guard also would be on site from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. An electronic security
system would provide surveillance and a burglar alarm from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m.

The electronic system would have cameras and motion detectors. "It would be
similar to our fire alarm," Borstnar said. "When it goes off, the monitoring
service contacts the Fire Department and they contact me. It all happens within
minutes."

The market put a request for an electronic security system out for bid and
received three bids, which were opened on May 2. AlarmPro Security Services of
St. Albans is the apparent low bidder at $33,568.95, Borstnar said.

Borstnar said the market was allocated $15,000 for the project several years ago
through the state Budget Digest. She planned to ask the Charleston Urban Renewal
Authority today for another $15,000.

Even if the request is approved, the market won't have quite enough money for
the AlarmPro system. Borstnar said the next step would be to see how the cost
could be reduced so it falls within the market's budget.

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture covered the security expense during
the market's first six years. "With their budget reductions, we had to incur
that cost ourselves," Borstnar said. "We're looking at reducing that expense to
give us greater cash flow."

Capitol Market needs to improve its cash flow to take care of increasing
maintenance costs, Borstnar said. "During our first five years the market was
young and little maintenance was needed. As we grow and have more customers, the
property has more demands. Property maintenance issues are just overwhelming."

Annual expenses include sealing, paving and striping all of the market's parking
lots and maintaining the outer pavilion.

"We also have indoor growth - we're looking at possibly getting into a recycling
program down the road," Borstnar said. A less encumbered cash flow would allow
the market to more readily pursue such opportunities, she said.

Contact writer George Hohmann at business@dailymail.com or 348-4836.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      February 12, 2016 Friday 1:09 PM GMT

£20m loan scheme launched to help farmers awaiting CAP grants;
The Scottish Government is funding the scheme in a bid to ease hardship, with
around 60% of farmers and crofters yet to be paid following changes made to the
scheme last year

BYLINE: By Scott McCulloch

SECTION: BUSINESS,BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


The Scottish Government is funding a £20 million loan scheme to help farmers
waiting on delayed European Union funding payments.

Rural Affairs Secretary Richard Lochhead said the funding plan will help to ease
cash flow issues stemming from late Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) payments.

It is estimated around 60 per cent of farmers and crofters are still waiting on
their payments as a result of major issues with the IT system used to administer
them.

The CAP scheme replaced the Single Farm Payment Scheme with the new Basic
Payment Scheme last year.

The grant money, which is paid as a supplement to main business income, is
allocated by the Scottish Government.

The Scottish Government said the complexities of the new CAP system has also
hindered the payment process.

Speaking at the National Farmers Union of Scotland (NFUS) annual conference in
St Andrews, Mr Lochhead said: "I fully recognise the cash flow issues facing
Scottish agriculture as a result of difficult market and weather conditions
coinciding with the biggest Cap reform ever.

"The Scottish Government continues to do everything in our power to get first
instalments out to as many people as we can by the end of March and the balance
of payments as soon as possible after that.

"We are making progress. However, the extreme complexity of the policy we agreed
with industry in Scotland - which is being delivered by a brand new IT system
that we are constantly working to improve - means it is taking longer than
expected to process applications, and I am aware that as a result some farmers
and crofters are facing hardship.

"That is why the Scottish Government is taking further action to ease cash flow
pressures in the sector by earmarking up to £20 million to ensure those most in
need can access the credit they require until their payments come through.

"We will work with NFUS, banks and others to finalise the detail of the scheme
and ensure it is available as quickly as possible and simple to access."

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Japan News

                            October 12, 2014 Sunday
                                   S Edition

Banker's midlife career change bears fruit

BYLINE: Kazuki Koike, Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writer

SECTION: SOCIETY; Pg. 3; No. 22993

LENGTH: 769 words


Inside a white, domed plant factory 29 meters in diameter, heads of fresh green
leaf lettuce extend all around, basking in the sunlight.

Aiming to help with reconstruction efforts from the March 2011 Great East Japan
Earthquake, a Yokohama-based farming venture called Granpa Co. operates 12 units
of its Granpa Dome plant factory in Rikuzen-Takata, Iwate Prefeture.

"Reconstruction has been moving forward," said Takaaki Abe, the president of the
venture, with a look of satisfaction.

Granpa celebrated its 10th year in business this year.

In the plant factory, which the company developed, it is possible to harvest
lettuce 12 times a year, and about 80 units of the plant have been constructed
across the nation.

Now 71, Abe has received a succession of offers for cooperation with other
companies and expansions overseas, and he feels that he has finally got his
dream on track after passing 70.

Before starting Granpa, Abe had been on a career track as a local banker.

At the age of 52, he was an adviser in the international division at the bank's
Tokyo office, just a step away from becoming a director, but he quit, thinking:
"I want to do something for Japan's agriculture. I will start a business to do
that."

The seed of Abe's dream was planted in his high school days.

He attended one of the foremost high schools for preparing students to get into
university in Aomori Prefecture, but many of his classmates joined the workforce
right after graduation because "they were from farming households and couldn't
afford to go to college," Abe said.

After graduating from university, Abe joined a local bank based in the
prefecture.

When he was a loan section chief at the bank's headquarters, he saw many farming
households having cash-flow problems, which made him wonder if it was impossible
to earn money from agriculture.

A turning point in his career was the two years he spent in Europe and the
United States to learn about financial instruments.

At a farm tour he joined on weekends, he was shocked by more efficient, "money
-making" agriculture.

Encouraged especially by the Netherlands, which succeeded in making its
agriculture an export industry despite its small amount of land, Abe quit the
bank after returning to Japan.

He then worked for an accounting house and other places to learn about practical
business management, and visited farmers across the nation whenever he had time.
He had to live on a smaller income, but "I was satisfied because I had purpose,"
Abe recalled.

When abnormal weather became a hot topic, Abe sensed there could be a business
opportunity in having plant factories in Japan that would not be affected by
weather conditions.

In 2004, Abe established Granpa, which operates plant factories in indoor
environments that are regulated by a control panel and sells vegetables grown in
the factories.

Abe initially introduced plant factories modeled on those used in the
Netherlands, but they required frequent replanting, which meant heavy labor
costs that kept the company in the red for many years.

Abe made models and repeatedly enhanced his plant factory, completing an
improved version three years later.

His plant factories have been constructed in many parts of the country, and
Granpa is finally in the black.

Young people graduating from agricultural departments have joined the company
one after another, and Abe travels the country to hold business meetings and
instruct staffers at plant factories.

His wife hopes he will retire soon, but Abe never thinks about retirement,
saying, "I can't retire until I achieve overseas expansion and develop a younger
workforce."

He said he would like to work until he is 100.

According to the Japan Greenhouse Horticulture Association and the Agriculture,
Forestry and Fisheries Ministry, plant factories, including vegetable factories,
are divided into two main categories.

Sunlight-type factories primarily depend on sunlight to grow vegetables in
greenhouses, while fully artificial light-types do not use any sunlight.

In a fully artificial light factory, vegetables and other plants are grown under
LED and other lights in a closed environment.

As the factory is not affected by weather conditions, vegetables can be grown in
cold areas such as the Antarctic.

The sunlight-type factory follows in the footsteps of existing vinyl
greenhouses.

It relies mainly on sunlight, and the inside of the factory is controlled by
computer.

Some plant factories of this type use artificial light in an auxiliary capacity
to manage growing conditions.

According to the association, there were 383 plant factories in March this year,
compared to 93 in March 2011.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            January 13, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HOW TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH SAVED YOUR ORANGE TREE

BYLINE: Frank Cerabino

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 578 words


If you're one of those people with a grapefruit or orange tree that has been
spared from the state's citrus canker eradication program and you're dancing
around your back yard looking for somebody to thank, I have a suggestion.

Write your thank-you note to a millionaire, or better yet a billionaire.

They're the people who really need to be acknowledged for the demise of the
10-year canker program, which was unceremoniously halted this week.

If you don't know a millionaire or a billionaire, you can just pick out an
address in Palm Beach or Manalapan or Jupiter Island and take a chance.

If it weren't for the very rich in this country, you might still have to fear
that knock on the door from a state agricultural worker to inform you that an
infected tree has been found within 1,900 feet of your tree, and therefore your
tree has to be eliminated.

You should thank the rich because, in the end, what doomed the citrus canker
program had more to do with money than science. If the federal government didn't
yank the funding for the program, the state would still be at it. So, let's
follow the money.

Natural and policy disasters

Why is the U.S. Department of Agriculture getting out of the citrus canker
eradication business? Sure, it hasn't really worked. But that hasn't stopped the
money flow for the past 10 years.

What's different now? The program, aimed at protecting Florida's citrus crop,
has a price tag that doesn't even reach the $1 billion mark - peanuts in the big
scheme of things.

Here's the deal. The federal government is going broke. Last month, Treasury
Secretary John Snow announced that Congress needed to raise the country's $8.18
trillion debt limit or the government would run out of money in mid-February.
This would be the fourth time the debt limit has been raised since 2002. So why
can't we pay the bills?

Iraq, for starters. Then there's Hurricane Katrina.

These two disasters would put the whammy on any government. Now, imagine that it
is also a government determined to deliver tax cuts predominantly benefiting the
most wealthy of its citizens.

Remember the 2001 tax cut? You probably got a $600 check in the mail. Well, the
real beneficiaries of that tax cut are getting their piece this year.

Two tax breaks from that 2001 cut go into effect this year - breaks that give 97
percent of the benefits to people who make more than $200,000 a year. They'll
net some $27 billion in reduced taxes over the next five years.

And this is also the year the richest of Americans have their tax rate cut from
37.5 percent to 35 percent - a higher-percentage cut than any other tax bracket.

Comforting the comfortable

Next month, Congress will begin another round of tax-cutting, once again finding
new ways to eliminate levies on investment income and coming up with a package
that showers its greatest comforts on those who are already the most comforted.

And this is what ultimately doomed the citrus canker eradication. After Katrina,
the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee created something
called Operation Offset. To save the tax cuts, the study committee searched for
ways to trim $949 billion in federal spending over the next 10 years.

One of Operation Offset's proposed cuts was the citrus canker program,
concluding: "This is not a priority in federal funding."

So relax and be grateful. Your backyard tree is safe because of the tax cuts
that must be preserved for the people who need them the least.

- frank_cerabino@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       March 3, 2002 Sunday, Home Edition

SAVING THE EVERGLADES;
AFTER TRYING FOR DECADES TO DRAIN THE EVERGLADES, THE NATION EMBARKS ON AN
AMAZING PLAN TO REVIVE IT.

BYLINE: CHARLES SEABROOK

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: @issue; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 2650 words


Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Standing in an airboat in the Everglades, Dale Gawlik
scans the surrounding marsh. An undulating prairie of tall, green saw grass
spreads out before him and seems to go on forever.

In the distance, a bald eagle soars. Green-winged teals flap overhead. Partially
hidden in the grass, a great blue heron spears a tiny fish with its long beak.

"This particular marsh is healthy," says Gawlik, a biologist with the South
Florida Water Management District. "The whole Everglades once looked like this."

But most of the 18,000-square-mile ecosystem is not healthy. A massive campaign
begun 50 years ago to tame the famed "River of Grass" --- to divert its water
with dikes and ditches and levees and canals --- has created the supreme
environmental irony: an enormous wetland that is dying of thirst.

Now, environmentalists, politicians and engineers promise that what was once the
world's biggest public works project can be undone by the world's biggest
environmental restoration project.

"We will replumb the Everglades," declares Michael Parker, who heads the Army
Corps of Engineers.

The audacious plan will take more than 30 years, cost nearly $8 billion and
require unprecedented cooperation among federal, state and local officials. By
artificial means, the flow of clean water into the Everglades will be restored.
Wading birds will come back. An ailing Lake Okeechobee, one of the country's
largest bodies of freshwater, will be revived.

"When it is finished, the Everglades will look and function as it did more than
a century ago," says U.S. Sen. Bob Graham (D-Fla.), one of the project's
strongest advocates.

The plan is to capture 1.7 billion gallons of freshwater that now goes out to
the ocean each day, store it in new reservoirs and deep wells and then use it to
mimic the natural flow of the Everglades of a century ago. Some of the water
also will be used to irrigate huge corporate farms and to quench the thirst of a
growing South Florida population.

Environmental engineers say the Everglades can never return to its full glory
--- about half of it has been gobbled up by corporate farms and a South Florida
population that grew from 500,000 in 1950 to 6 million today. Superhighways are
now the only dividing lines between sprawling subdivisions and saw grass
prairies.

Nevertheless, what is left is still an ecological treasure that all Americans
can cherish, conservationists say. The heart of the remaining system is the
Everglades National Park, covering 1.5 million acres and attracting more than 1
million visitors a year. It protects the largest swath of wilderness east of the
Rockies.

It spreads out in a forbidding marsh of green and brown, dotted by hammocks and
tree islands that extend mile after mile. To some, it is a monotonous landscape.
To others, its beauty is in the color and form of the teeming life it nourishes
--- alligators and rare crocodiles, frogs and toads, rare ferns, butterflies,
orchids, tree snails, scores of bird species.

"There is no other other ecosystem like this in the world," says Shannon
Estenoz, the World Wildlife Fund's Everglades representative. "The Everglades
are unique."

Before the destruction

A century ago, the Everglades was a 60-mile-wide, free-flowing river of grass
that crept southward --- mostly during the wet season between June and October
--- from Lake Okeechobee to the waters of Florida Bay. The slow-moving system
was so shallow an adult could wade across it.

The clean water nurtured a rich diversity of plants, animals and fish. Wading
and migratory birds were so prolific they darkened the skies. Panthers and
bobcats prowled the marshes and swamps; gentle manatees grazed on aquatic
grasses in the clear water; deer were abundant, food for the panthers and other
predators.

But the builders of modern Florida saw something else. Agriculturists envisioned
a region of hundreds of thousands of acres of fertile farmland. Developers
foresaw entire new cities where people would work and play year-round in a
pleasant climate.

As people arrived, the Everglades shrank. Hundreds of thousands of acres were
drained and converted to sugar cane. Thousands of lookalike bungalows popped up,
hugging streets and cul-de-sacs where alligators and flocks of wading birds once
nested and foraged.

The large-scale destruction of the system dates to the 1920s, when President
Hoover approved the building of a flood-control dike --- known as Hoover Dike
--- that put an earthen wall between Lake Okeechobee and the Everglades. In
1947, the same year President Truman dedicated Everglades National Park,
torrential summer storms and two hurricanes dumped 108 inches of rain on parts
of South Florida. The floods were devastating and, in 1948, Congress ordered the
Corps of Engineers to drain the 'Glades.

Over the next 25 years, the corps rerouted the Everglades' water through 1,800
miles of canals and levees. It installed 300 floodgates and 16 major pump
stations to move the billions of gallons of fresh water.

Just south of Orlando, the Kissimmee River, a major water source for Lake
Okeechobee and the entire Everglades, was transformed from a curving,
105-mile-long natural waterway into an arrow-straight, 56-mile-long ditch.

Now, instead of slowly flowing southward to Florida Bay, most of the water
spilling from Okeechoobee's south rim was diverted east and west through canals,
away from saw grass prairies and cypress swamps. Most of it flowed into the
Caloosahatchee River, which drains into the Gulf of Mexico, and the St. Lucie
River, which empties into the Atlantic.

By 1960, the canals and other water control structures separated the northern
Everglades --- now known as the 700,000-acre Everglades Agriculture Area ---
from the central and southern Everglades. The national park was cut off from
much of its natural flow by the levee and a highway, the Tamiami Trail.

Making the water move

Now engineers, not nature, make the water move through the Everglades.

Tommy Strowd is one of them. From his "control room" in the South Florida Water
Management District complex in West Palm Beach, the affable engineer and his
staff type commands into computers to open or close the dozens of floodgates by
remote control. They phone workers in the field to pump more water when it's
needed. Strowd always knows where the water is through a system that beams
streams of data into his computers from outdoor gauges.

The gargantuan plumbing job made millions of acres of once-soggy terrain
available for agriculture and development. Flooding was controlled and more
water was made available to feed South Florida's boom.

The Corps of Engineers in its brochures deemed it an "immense success."

Except that it is now killing the Everglades.

Today in the remaining wild Everglades, about the size of Delaware, huge swaths
of prairie areas are nearly devoid of the teeming life that once made them so
biologically rich. Bird rookeries in mangrove swamps stand silent. Populations
of wading birds have crashed by 90 percent in Everglades National Park.

Alligators, a keystone species in the Everglades, have been forced to
redistribute themselves to find adequate wet areas.

Sixty-eight native animal and plant species in the Everglades are on the federal
endangered or threatened species list, mostly because of the disrupted water
flow. The tiny Cape Sable seaside sparrow is only a step from extinction.

The basic problem is that the canal system drains water off the land too
quickly. Some 1.7 billion gallons of water per day on average are "lost" through
discharge into the ocean, corps water experts explain.

Making it work again

To replumb the system, state and federal agencies will remove more than 240
miles of levees and canals within the Everglades. Twenty miles of the Tamiami
Trail will be rebuilt with bridges and culverts, allowing water to flow more
naturally into Everglades National Park.

The levee separating the park from Big Cypress National Preserve will be removed
to restore more natural overland water flow.

The timing of the water flow is crucial. South Florida essentially has only two
seasons --- rainy and dry. Creatures native to the Everglades, especially wading
birds and some songbirds, have adapted to the cycle over the ages. Too little
water can harm the birds, but too much at the wrong time can drown nests and
disrupt foraging, also dooming the birds.

To capture the water in the rainy season, engineers will store nearly 500
billion gallons of water on about 180,000 acres. Two of the reservoirs will be
built in former rock mines. In addition, more than 300 wells will receive up to
1.7 billion gallons a day for underground storage, which will help prevent
evaporation.

The federal government already has closed a $133 million deal on a 50,000-acre
sugar farm in the Everglades near Lake Okeechobee for a water storage reservoir.

Restoring natural flow is one thing. Making sure the water is clean is another.
More than 35,000 acres of man-made wetlands will be built to filter phosphorus
and other pollutants from urban and agriculture runoff before the water is
released into the River of Grass. This is in addition to 44,000 acres of
artificial wetlands already created by the state of Florida under its separate
Everglades Forever Act.

Although not officially part of the forthcoming replumbing, some large-scale
projects already under way are just as essential to the Everglades' recovery.

Most notable is the $415 million undertaking to return the Kissimmee River to
its former winding channel. Those twists and turns let water flow in a more
timely manner and kept it clean. The restoration will be accomplished, in part,
by filling in 22 miles of the 56-mile-long flood-control canal and removing two
of its five water-control structures.

The Kissimmee project also will restore natural water flow to Lake Okeechobee,
where fluctuating water levels have damaged its shoreline over the years,
engineers say. If you fix the river, you fix the lake, and if you fix the lake,
you fix the Everglades, they say.

If it works here . . .

From his office in downtown Atlanta, Brig. Gen. Peter Madsen, commander of the
corps' South Atlantic Division, explains why the Everglades restoration project
is of great importance not only to South Florida, but also to the entire country
and even to the world.

First, he says, it will revive a national ecological jewel.

But the project also will be a model for other crucial water projects to come,
he says.

"If we can do it right in the Everglades, we can do it right elsewhere," he
explains. "When you look at the Everglades, it's all about balancing water needs
--- for agriculture, urban water supply, wildlife --- in an area where the
population is still expanding.

"You have a huge national and state investment and a lot of diverse interests
coming together to make Everglades restoration a success. We can point to that
success and consensus-building as a model for other projects."

The lessons from the Everglades, he says, could be applied to resolving the
water conflicts between Georgia and its sister states Alabama and Florida, or
restoring the eroding Louisiana coastline or reviving the Rio Grande River in
Texas and New Mexico.

Water managers from all over the world already are coming to the Everglades to
see how the project will be carried out.

The corps' Jacksonville District, a part of Madsen's division, will lead most of
the federal government's hands-on engineering for the Everglades. But much of
the effort will be overseen from the division's regional headquarters in
Atlanta.

Environmentalists began imploring the government two decades ago to replumb the
Everglades and restore the natural system. Their crusade gained considerable
clout.

In the early 1990s, Congress asked the corps to review what it had done to the
Everglades and come up with a plan to restore and preserve the system, while
improving water supplies and protecting surrounding communities against floods.

The corps released its 3,500-page "Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan" in
1999. The 30-year-plus project actually will consist of 68 separate construction
projects.

A year after the plan was unveiled, Gov. Jeb Bush committed Florida to pay half
the cost and President Clinton committed the federal government to the other
half. (President Bush has since confirmed his intention to honor the deal.)

A few months later, when Everglades advocates representing more than three dozen
conservation groups convened their 16th annual conference in Florida, the mood
was jubilant. The economy was still strong and there was a huge federal surplus,
more than enough to cover the federal share of the restoration.

But when they met again in January in Fort Lauderdale, they were more subdued.
Instead of a surplus, the government faces a deficit. Now they worry whether the
government will pull back its commitments to the Everglades.

Moreover, they were upset over the corps' proposed rules to carry out the
restoration plan. Unveiled in December, the rules detail each restoration step,
what kind of oversight will be set up and when to revise blueprints that don't
produce desired results.

The critics say the rules are too weak, lacking deadlines and goals to measure
progress.

"Weak rules could mean a weak restoration," said Estenoz.

Stu Applebaum, chief of the Everglades project for the corps, said the specifics
can be developed later and can still be enforceable. The corps is seeking public
comment on the rules, which are scheduled to go into effect at the end of this
year.

Still, Frank Jackalone, chairman of the Everglades Coalition, wants stronger
assurance that the restoration will do what it is intended to do.

"Is the project going to fulfill the promise and actually lead to restoration,
or is it going to limp along and not serve its purposes and, frankly, be misused
by some of the urban and agricultural interests?" Jackalone said.

As if to reassure the environmentalists of their commitments, Jeb Bush pledged
in January that Florida will reserve enough water for the restoration,
regardless of the needs of farms or people.

President Bush pledged that the federal government would respect Florida's
control of its own water allocations. Both agreed to pursue adequate funding for
the project.

Jeb Bush has proposed a complex formula for paying Florida's share of the cost.
It would use surplus housing funds, state reserve money and documentary stamp
revenue to come up with $75 million a year, as well as $25 million state
land-acquisition money.

His plan is an alternative to one being pushed by legislative and environmental
groups, which calls for issuing $125 million a year in bonds for eight years.

"I agree that we should be prepared to borrow the money if necessary," he said.
"However, if the Everglades are the priority we say they are, then let's do
everything we can first to make sure we don't have to borrow money."

'Not a healthy marsh'

In the airboat, Dale Gawlik makes another stop. To a visitor, the surrounding
marsh looks like the same old Everglades. Look closer, says Gawlik. Instead of
saw grass, the dominant plant is cattail.

"This is not a healthy marsh," he says. Cattails, he explains, thrive in
nutrient-rich muck. In this case, the nutrient is phosphorus from urban and farm
runoff. Too much phosphorus in the Everglades has triggered the growth of
cattails, obliterating natural expanses of saw grass and squeezing out wildlife.

When the natural flow of water returns to the Everglades, he says, it also must
be clean. He is asked how he will know when the Everglades has recovered.

"I will know when I see flocks of birds darkening the sky again," he says.

LOAD-DATE: March 03, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic:
HEALING AN ECOSYSTEM: THE PLAN TO SAVE THE EVERGLADES
With 70 percent of its water being drained away, half the original Everglades is
gone. Can this natural wonder be saved before it dies of thirst?
HISTORIC FLOW
A solid sheet of water, 60 miles wide and between 6 inches and 3 feet deep,
flowed from Lake Okeechobee south to the Gulf of Mexico.
CURRENT FLOW
After deadly floods in the 1920s and 1940s, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
projects diverted water from the Everglades and made South Florida's boom
possible.
Altering the seas
> Much of the Everglades' water is now diverted east and west.
> Flowing into the sea, this additional fresh water reduces
salinity on both coasts, harming marine life; for example, low salinity can kill
oysters on the bottom.
> The opposite occurs in Florida Bay. With less fresh water flowing in, salinity
is up. This can cause fish kills and enables destructive species such as
starfish to move in.
Too much phosphorus
> Phosphorus runoff from farm fertilizers and other sources
causes damage on land and at sea.
> On land, the phosphorus triggers growth of cattails, which wipe out native saw
grass and squeeze out wildlife that depends on the grass.
> And in the seas, phosphorus is a nutrient that promotes
algae blooms, which rob the water of oxygen.
KISSIMMEE RIVER RESTORATION PROJECT
The middle third of the Kissimmee River is being set free from its canal and
allowed to meander over its historic flood plain. The goal is to restore a
portion of the original flood plain while maintaining flood control.
SECTION 1
Lake Okeechobee
Excess water flowing into Lake Okeechobee during the wet season will be stored
underground in the Floridan Aquifer. More than 300 wells will receive up to 1.7
billion gallons daily, reducing water loss because of evaporation.
SECTION 2
Everglades Agricultural Area, Water Conservation Area
About 35,600 acres of man-made swamps, called storm-water treatment areas, or
STAs, will decontaminate runoff from sugar cane fields.
AERIAL VIEW OF STORM-WATER TREATMENT AREA 1W
STAs are man-made marshlands that filter phosphorus from the runoff of sugar
cane fields.
Graphic indicates cells 1-4 and diagrams the following:
Primary filter
Cells 1 and 2 capture particulate phosphorus
Polishing filter
Cells 3 and 4 trap the dissolved form of phosphorus
Natural filters
Open water/sparse vegetation
Cattail
Algae
Saw grass
Direction of water flow
Pump station
SECTION 3
Everglades National Park
Scientists will monitor the health of downstream "indicator species" such as the
spoonbill to assess the health of the whole ecosystem.
FLOW AFTER PLAN IMPLEMENTATION
Fresh water currently discharged to the ocean will be captured and stored for
use during the dry season. The plan calls for removal of 240 miles of levees and
canals and building reservoirs, underground storage wells and pumping stations
that would replicate natural flow.
Graphic includes map of south Florida with the following marked: South Florida
Water Management District
Greater Everglades ecosystem
Artificial swamps to treat agricultural runoff
Big Cypress National Preserve
Planned extent of Greater Everglades ecosystem
Sources: Audubon magazine, Wired magazine, Environmental Media Services
/ DALE E. DODSON / Staff Photo:
The gargantuan plumbing job in the Everglades made millions of acres of
once-soggy terrain available for agriculture and development. Now, "it's all
about balancing water needs --- for agriculture, urban water supply, wildlife
--- in an area where the population is still expanding," says an Army Corps of
Engineers official. / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff Photo:
Arrie Marshall catches a crappie in Lake Okeechobee, one of the nation's largest
bodies of fresh water. Fluctuating water levels have damaged the lake's
shoreline over the years.  / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff Photo:
A full moon rises over inner keys in Florida Bay, the southern border of the
Everglades. Environmentalists worry whether the government will pull back on its
financial commitment to restore the Everglades. / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff Photo:
An alligator glides through the early morning waters of Eco Pond. Alligators, a
keystone species in the Everglades, have been forced to redistribute themselves
to find adequate wet areas. / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff Photo:
A great blue heron (below), reflected in the waters at Shark Valley, is one of
the species of birds that have remained in the ailing Everglades. / JOEY IVANSCO
/ Staff Photo:
Ronald McLeroy pilots an airboat tour through the Everglades. Although not
officially part of the replumbing, some large-scale projects already under way
are just as essential to the Everglades' recovery. / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff Photo:

A dwarf cypress tree grows among the saw grass in Everglades National Park. A
massive restoration project is designed to restore the wetland to health. / JOEY
IVANSCO / Staff Photo:
In South Florida's Broward County, I-75 divides the Everglades. Superhighways
are now the only dividing lines between sprawling subdivisions and saw grass
prairies. But, conservationists say, what is left is an ecological treasure. /
JOEY IVANSCO / Staff Graphic:
The 'Glades, from the inside out
While driving for what seemed like hours and looking out the car window for the
next photo, I kept saying to myself, "This all looks the same . . . lots of
grass." But the place finally made an impression on me. I didn't truly
appreciate the Everglades until I was driving back to the airport. The vistas
went on forever, broken only by a patch of tree islands. The peacefulness, the
feeling of watching nature on its own timetable --- these were pushed away by
highway noises and billboards. I missed the place, even the grass.
When I returned, people asked me, "What's it like?" I couldn't answer them. It's
like trying to explain the Grand Canyon. You can't.  . . . You just have to go
for yourself.
--- Joey Ivansco
> ON THE WEB: More photos from the Everglades: www.ajc.com/opinion Photo:
A buoy of hope for Florida's Everglades
Half the Everglades is gone, drained and dried for big corporate farms and
houses and shopping centers. The ecosystem that remains today is literally dying
of thirst. Now man will try to undo the damage he has wrought. An audacious
plan, costing nearly $8 billion and taking 30 years, seeks to save the Glades. /
JOEY IVANSCO / Staff (TEASER)

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Beaver help sought

BYLINE: Bob Shiles, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 650 words


March 22--LUMBERTON -- A farmer who is concerned about the increase of beavers
in the Saddletree community is asking the Robeson County Board of Commissioners
for help.

"I bet we have the World Book of Records for beavers in a two- or three-mile
area," Ronald Hammonds told the commissioners on Monday. "We've had a record
rain and that's conducive to increasing the beaver number."

Hammonds told The Robesonian that 30 beavers have been trapped around Saddletree
in recent days. He said that dams are popping up everywhere, with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture estimating there are 15 within four miles.

"If you are on the bridge on Saddletree Road and look upstream you can see a dam
that is at least four-feet high," Hammonds said.

Hammonds said that just destroying dams is not the solution.

"We need a beaver management program like they have in Columbus County," he
said. "That program offers a bounty to those who will trap beaver. Any
successful program needs to include a bounty as an incentive."

Robeson County already contracts out with the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
supply a wildlife specialist to administer the Beaver Management Assistance
Program in Robeson County. That program has been conducted in the county for the
past two decades and is credited with saving the county money in beaver-related
damage to timber, crops, roadways and drainage structures.

Flooding is a major problem, Hammonds said. He called on the commissioners to
take advantage of programs offered by the USDA and U.S. Wildlife Service that
provide flow control devices that can save bridges and roadways from flooding.

He also suggested that beavers be trapped and located to other areas.

"Beavers are very adaptive," he said.

In other business, the commissioners heard a report from Gwendolyn Cromartie
about the creation of the Better Days Foundation. Cromartie said the foundation
has been "a dream" for her since 1995, when she lost her six children to the
foster care system because she was addicted to crack cocaine.

"It took 10 years to get all of us back together," she told The Robesonian.
"There's still a lot of anger, hurt and disappointment among the children.
There's still a lot of pain that is not yet all the way healed."

Cromartie said the foundation's goal is to "help keep families together so that
children don't end up in foster homes."

"Our motto is that it takes a village to raise a whole family," she said.

Cromartie said that her organization will provide educational classes covering
such issues as parenting, anger management, healthy life choices, and sexual
abuse. She said that participants in the programs will pay if they have
insurance or Medicaid.

An "indigent program" will be available for those who can't pay, she said.

Cromartie asked the commissioners for a donation to get her foundation up and
running. She said that she does not have the financial resources to fund and
promote the programs and activities available through her foundation.

The commissioners asked that Cromartie present them with a copy of her budget
for their review. They also requested documentation authorizing that the Better
Days Foundation is a certified foundation.

In other business:

-- Sitting as the Robeson County Housing Authority Board, the commissioners
authorized Jason King, the authority's interim director, to move forward with
plans to put new flooring in Benton Court and McColl Page Plaza. The total cost
of the flooring, about $142,000, would come from the authority's capital fund.

-- The commissioners passed a resolution encouraging Robeson County residents to
support and invest in a child's early years. The resolution recognizes the week
of April 9 to 16 as the "Week of the Young Child."

Bob Shiles can be reached at 910-416-5165.

___ (c)2016 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160322-QK-Beaver-help-sought-0322-20160322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2016 The Robesonian


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            July 2, 1997, Wednesday

MEETING: TIGHTER BORDER NEEDED; TO SAVE FLORIDA'S AGRICULTURE, MORE MONEY AND
STAFF ARE NEEDED FOR ENFORCEMENT, SAY OFFICIALS.; MEDFLY HOTLINE: 800-772-4285

BYLINE: E. GARRETT YOUNGBLOOD The Ledger

SECTION: Business; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 624 words


GAINESVILLE -- Florida must beef up its borders against agricultural pests if it
hopes to expand its international markets for citrus and other products.

That means coming up with $ 4 million to help federal and state agriculture
officials already struggling to safeguard the state's borders.

"If we don't have state funds in place to stop Medfly and other infestations,
we'll be fighting pests 12 months a year," said Mike Stuart, executive vice
president of Orlando-based Florida Fruit and Vegetable Association. "In the last
five to 10 years we've had increased international travel, but haven't had the
money to offset that."

State and federal agriculture officials, along with industry trade groups, met
at the Florida Farm Bureau in Gainesville on Tuesday to discuss pest
introductions.

The meeting was facilitated by the recent outbreak of the Mediterranean fruit
fly, a pest to citrus and 260 other fruits and vegetables. The Medfly was found
in Tampa on May 28, and has since spilled over to Manatee County and Polk
County, which is the state's leading citrus-producing county.

Already, the state is spending about $ 12 million eradicating citrus canker
found in Dade County two years ago and a more recent find in Manatee three weeks
ago.

Combined, the canker and Medfly programs pale in comparison with the estimated $
500 million the brown citrus aphid is expected to cost taxpayers and the
industry in treatment and crop loss. The aphid carries a virus deadly to citrus
trees and is currently spreading throughout the state, including Polk.

Each year, nearly 10 new pests that threaten the state's $ 6 billion agriculture
industry enter Florida.

"We have to move into a more aggressive detection mode," said Terry Medley, head
of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service. "That's what we have to do if we're going to take advantage of the
enormous potential markets we have internationally."

Unfortunately, Medley said, he won't be able to come up with the money as the
federal government works to cut its deficit. He said California, which battled
the Medfly in the 1980s and early 1990s, spends about $ 12 million each year in
trapping and exclusion programs.

A recent federal report criticized the USDA's job of protecting U.S. borders,
saying the organization is understaffed and underfunded to handle the increased
flow of cargo and tourists.

Between 1990 and 1995, the number of international passengers traveling to the
United States increased 50 percent to 55 million. During that same time, exports
and imports rose 35 percent and 31 percent, respectively, the report said.

Representatives with the Lakeland-based Florida Department of Citrus and many
agriculture industry groups said they will address seeking funds from the state
legislature for future programs.

Meanwhile, there's still the question of how the current $ 12 million Medfly
program will be paid for.

Gov. Lawton Chiles has declared the Medfly eradication an emergency, and so far
has pledged $ 1.3 million from the state's emergency fund. The USDA has said it
will put up $ 2 million. Another $ 1.7 was pulled from the Division of Plant
Industry's budget.

Originally allocated for citrus canker eradication, the money will be replaced
by the $ 17 million settlement between the USDA and the state. The settlement
originated from the citrus canker debacle in the 1980s when citrus trees were
burned by the government.

"This is not a citrus industry problem. It's a Florida problem and an
international trade problem," said Stuart, the fruit and vegetable association
head. "And unless something is done soon, we're going to continue to be
inundated with pest problems."


LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map/The Ledger

             Copyright 1997 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

White House to start $10 billion farm fund;
Vehicle to provide way for large investors to put money in rural projects

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 626 words

ABSTRACT

The Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund will give pension funds and large
investors the opportunity to invest in agricultural projects.

FULL TEXT

Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council will announce plans on Thursday to start a $10
billion investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the
opportunity to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater
systems, energy projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

''We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment,'' the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

''We're going to be a connector,'' he added. ''This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.''

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank has committed the first $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs. Faced with what he described as ''extraordinary'' demand from
local communities in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted
the help of Matthew McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way
to attract Wall Street and large institutional investors. Through the process,
Mr. McKenna discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in
making investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One specific area where investment is needed is in California,
Mr. Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record. ''There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for
water,'' he added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pension funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts - including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation - that combine crops and land into an asset class for
ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack will announce the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials have convened for the White House's Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. The list of speakers for the event includes Treasury
Secretary Jacob J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

SBP launches schemes to boost credit flow

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 40

LENGTH: 974  words


State Bank of Pakistan Governor Syed Salim Raza has launched two separate
schemes aimed at enhancing the flow of credit to the Small and Rural Enterprises
with greater emphasis on revitalization of business activities in the troubled
areas of North West Frontier Province (NWFP), Federally Administered Tribal Area
(FATA) and Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).

The new schemes included Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small and Rural Enterprises
and Refinance Scheme for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and GB.

While unveiling the details of Credit Guarantee Scheme at a ceremony held at SBP
Learning Resource Centre here on Friday, Mr. Raza said under the scheme,
launched under the Financial Inclusion Programme (FIP) of SBP, the banks will
provide short and medium term loans of up to three years for both working
capital and medium-term capital needs of up to a maximum of Rs5.0 million at the
mark-up rate of KIBOR (3 Months) + 300bps. State Bank will share bona fide
losses of lending banks to the extent of 60 percent of financing to their
eligible borrowers; he said and added that half of the resources under the
scheme have been allocated for NWFP, FATA & Gilgit-Baltistan; whereas the other
half will be used for priority clusters/areas of other parts of the country.

He said that the major objective of the scheme is to enhance the flow of credit
to those Small and Rural Enterprises which are creditworthy but cannot offer
adequate collateral to satisfy the normal requirements of banks. Due to banks'
perception about such customers being more risky, the State Bank will share
banks' losses on their lending under the scheme; he said and added that the
scheme, apart from sharing credit risk of banks, will also contribute in
lowering the transaction costs.

SBP Governor said that the initial seed money for the scheme is GBP 8.0 million,
under the FIP funded by the UK's Department for International Development
(DFID), with the option of later being bolstered up through further allocation
of funds from other sources including the Federal Government and
international/bilateral agencies.

Mr. Raza said the State Bank will allocate Credit Guarantee Limits (CGLs) to
each of the selected participating financial institutions (PFIs) on quarterly
basis. For the component of scheme reserved for NWFP, FATA & GB, all banks would
be considered as PFIs while for other component few banks in good financial
condition and having considerable share/expertise in small/rural/agricultural
financing will qualify for receiving credit guarantee under the scheme, he
added.

Similarly, SBP Governor disclosed that under the Refinance Scheme the banks will
provide short term facilities for working capital requirements and long term
facilities for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan.  The rate of service
charges under the scheme will be linked with weighted average yields (WAY) of
relevant 6 months Treasury Bills (TBs) and Pakistan Investment Bonds (PIBs).
Currently, the end user's rate will be 8.50%, 9.20%, 9.70% and 10.25% for up-to
1, 3, 5 and 7 year financing respectively. Scheme will remain valid up-to
December 31, 2012, he added.

He said that the banks will provide short-term facilities to meet working
capital requirements and long term facilities for BMR/up-gradation of existing
SME units or installation/setting-up of new SME units in NWFP, GB and FATA.  Mr.
Raza said that under the two schemes, refinance/guarantee limits will be
allocated to participating financial institutions (PFIs) and hoped that banks
will enthusiastically participate in these two schemes in order to make them
successful.

Talking about importance of SME and agriculture sectors, SBP Governor observed
that these Sectors are the largest sources of employment in the country. 'Within
these areas lie Pakistan's best projects for increased economic growth,
reduction in income disparities, poverty alleviation and the promotion of
innovation and entrepreneurship.  SME Sector's share in export earnings and GDP
stands at 25% & 30% respectively', he said and added that agriculture Sector
employs 42% of labour force, contribute around 22% to GDP and 60% to exports
directly or indirectly. "Importance of this sector in our rural economy may
further be seen from the fact that it provides livelihood to 66% of our
population," he added.

Raza pointed out that despite immense economic importance of these sectors; they
have not been able to avail their due share in financing from the formal sources
specially the banking sector. The recent data reflects that the share of SME
finance and agri. finance in Banks' total financing is 10% and 4.8%
respectively.

Moreover, as per latest survey, only 7% of total SMEs use formal financial
institutions for meeting their funding needs thus posing a big challenge to
banks, requiring them to enhance the level of credit to the neglected sectors of
the economy, he added.

Governor SBP said that credit disbursement situation has further aggravated for
SME and agriculture sectors of NWFP, FATA & Gilgit-Baltistan, where social and
economic infrastructure have been seriously damaged, thus, increasing manifold
risks of doing business in these areas. "Taking cognisance of the situation, the
State Bank has initiated many important steps to improve the flow of credit to
the agriculture and SME sectors and provide boost to revitalization efforts in
the affected areas of the country," he informed the participants. "I urge banks
to take the opportunity provided through these schemes to reach out to the
deprived segments of society and enthusiastically participate to make a success
story out of them', he added.

The ceremony was attended, among others, by various stakeholders including
representative from banking industry, donors and consultative groups of SMEs,
agriculture and microfinance, besides senior officials of the State Bank.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          September 11, 2004 Saturday

Mad cow aid increased

BYLINE: James Stevenson, ; Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 405 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


The Canadian beef industry will get a further $488-million cash injection from
Ottawa to help it survive the mad cow crisis even if the crucial United States
market remains closed indefinitely.

The federal program, launched yesterday, was immediately paired with another
$230 million from Alberta.

But other provinces were not sure they could contribute.

Federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell, speaking in Calgary, said the
program has three goals: To increase slaughter capacity in Canada; to implement
transition measures needed to sustain the industry while new packing plants are
built and to further develop foreign markets to reduce dependency on the U.S.

Mitchell said the plan moves away from previous government aid programs, which
assumed that cross-border cattle trade would resume.

"What we are seeking to do with today's announcement is to reposition the beef
industry so that it can return to profitability with or without a border
opening," said Mitchell. The package includes a set-aside program that will see
ranchers paid for cattle they hold back. This is to prevent the market from
being flooded and causing prices to drop. There will also be money to help
ranchers with cash-flow and financial issues. There will be provisions for
fast-tracking the development of new packing plants.

A new program will pay farmers to cull 60,000 older cows and bulls that have
passed "normal productive life."

Millions of dollars and thousands of jobs have been lost since May 20, 2003,
when bovine spongiform encephalopathy - known as BSE or mad cow disease - was
diagnosed in one Alberta breeder cow. The U.S. closed its border to all beef
products and live cattle, as did more than 30 other countries. Some cuts of beef
are now allowed to flow south, but live cattle are banned.

It's estimated the closing has cost the Canadian industry and rural communities
more than $6 billion. Federal and provincial governments had previously spent
$1.6 billion to help producers.

Historically, the U.S. has been the make-or-break market for Canadian producers.
In 2002, Canada exported $1.8 billion of beef products to the U.S.

Dennis Laycraft, vice-president of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, said
the key lies in reducing dependency on live-cattle exports to the U.S.

"This strategy is important in the event that the border doesn't open up
quickly. It also needs to be designed in the event the border does open up,"
Laycraft said.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Al Charest cp Alberta Agriculture Minister Shirley McClellan speaks as
Federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell looks on during a news conference in
Calgary yesterday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

Munda tells banks to step up financial inclusion campaign

SECTION: RANCHI

LENGTH: 442 words


RANCHI : In a bid to remove bottlenecks that prevent common man from seeking
credit from banks, the state government will undertake some corrective measures,
said chief minister Arjun Munda while addressing the 36th State-Level Bankers'
committee (SLBC) meet here on Wednesday.

Munda said the government will bring a proposal to increase the limit of stamp
duty from loans of Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh in the next meeting of council of
ministers.

Till date, bank customers seeking a loan up to Rs 3 lakh were not needed to pay
stamp duty. But there is a demand to increase the limit by banks also to
encourage borrowers. Munda said, "To tame fraudulent transactions, the state
government will adopt Bihar Money Laundering Prevention Act or some provisions
of the Act after discussion in the cabinet."

The CM announced yet another proposal of digitizing the land records and linking
it with global positioning system (GPS) so that verification of land titles is
possible through office records making the process of sanction of loans easier
than before.

Agreeing to take necessary steps for promoting credit flow in the state, Munda
called upon the banks to improve their performance, especially in terms of
opening new branches and giving impetus to financial inclusion drive.
Acknowledging increase in CD ratio over previous year's performance, he asked
the banks to achieve a national benchmark of 60%.

The meeting was chaired by Allahabad Bank executive director D Sarkar, who
expressed concern over the achievements of bank in annual credit plan. He said
as against a target of 4.5 Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) to be distributed to the
farmers by the end of current financial year, only 3.42lakh cards were
distributed by September.

Development commissioner Devashish Gupta said standard statistics related to
agriculture will be made available by February 2012 so that credit flow and its
correlation with the agriculture development can be assessed.

Different commercial banks, including Punjab National Bank, Oriental Bank of
Commerce, Dena Bank, United Bank, Syndicate Bank and Andhra Bank, were pulled up
for their poor performance in carrying out financial inclusion drive.

Sarkar asked the banks to strictly abide by the guidelines issued by the
department of financial service in carrying out the drive. The SLBC also called
upon the leading district banks to take up their role strongly wherever regional
rural banks have failed in performing up to the mark. During the meet, it was
also decided that the sub committee and state committee will hold a joint
meeting and ensure conducting meeting on four or five agendas.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday

Forum writers reflect divided populous on water policy More reservoirs

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: OPINION; Letters

LENGTH: 1482 words


California's continued population growth warrants the building of more dams,
reservoirs and aqueducts. For too long, you and many others have been afraid to
say those words. Afraid to offend the environmental luddites, you muddy the
waters with terms like "above ground storage" and "water conveyance." People are
sick of this kind of journalism.

In any event, if "below ground storage" can be built, please tell us how. Is it
a matter of flooding some fields and waiting a few thousand years until it
percolates into an aquifer?

Or do we set some A-bombs underground and make a giant cistern? In all
seriousness, how, why, how much and for what is money being spent on "below
ground storage"? I believe that finding out is your job, no?

Lastly, please stop harping on those who water their lawns and gardens. It's so
petty, especially when you consider 80 percent of our water is used for
agriculture.

James F. Brown

Pinole

The Times has been a strong advocate of building more dams for more than 15
years and has published at least 20 editorials in favor of more reservoirs,
including six this year.

Water mess

A big waste of money is the best way to describe all these plans, including Gov.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's plan, to "fix" California's alleged water mess.

California has plenty of water, most of which originates from rain and snow
falling onto the northern third of California. The problem is that much of
California's water, about 40 percent, is given away free by the federal
government. This free water results in overuse, much as gasoline priced at 10
cents a gallon would ruin any energy conservation plan.

Water priced at market rates -- rather than given away at no cost -- would end
any imbalance between supply and demand. The free water goes mostly to
agriculture. The farm lobby argues that this free water leads to abundant
supplies of cheap food. Without low-priced food, the lobby argues, there would
be mass starvation. However, most of California's farmers produce specialty
crops like avocados, lettuce and other fruits and vegetables. Avocados have a
wonderful taste, but they offer little nutrition.

Free-market water pricing will cause growers to produce food that people need
for optimal nutrition. Such food contains protein as well as vitamins and
minerals. Taxpayers must not be asked to subsidize avocado production.

Richard S. Colman

Orinda

Deport illegal immigrants

The governor's water policy is doomed to failure not because it is without merit
but because there are simply too many people using a limited resource.

No water plan will work until California's population growth is controlled.
Unfettered illegal immigration has swollen these numbers.

A wiser plan would be to ease the pressure on California's water resources by
deporting the state's approximately 5 million illegal immigrants.

Carlee R. Durfor

Pleasant Hill

Too many people

To paraphrase George Carlin, we refer to mainstream media as a stream because it
is so shallow.

California does not have a water shortage. California has a people overage. The
Mojave Desert does not have a rainfall shortage. It is desert. Southern
California does not have a rainfall shortage. It is desert and semidesert.

To put tens of millions of humans in an area designed by nature to hold hundreds
of thousands of humans is certifiable insanity.

Years after the fact, California's Chamber of Commerce and its Department of
Finance finally acknowledge that more native-born Americans are moving out of
California to other states than are moving into California from other states.

Yet California's Republican governor and Democratic Legislature -- and MediaNews
Group and its minions -- want to add tens of millions more Californians, further
degrading our schools, our highways, our parks and recreation areas, and our
emergency rooms.

Are these people certifiably insane? No ... just certifiably greedy! Is that why
when I read, "The nation's fourth-largest media corporation" I can't help
thinking, "The nation's fourth-largest escort service?"

Let's drive more sane Californians away? We need more insane readers, listeners
and viewers.

Edward C. Hartman

Moraga

Failed policies

Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's premature proposals for water policy reflect the
hard-line positions of what the late Sen. John Nejedly referred to as the water
exporters, a powerful coalition of federal, state and local agencies and
agricultural interests who believe that any fresh water reaching the San
Francisco Bay and Carquinez Strait is wasted.

These were the same interests behind the Peripheral Canal (now referred to as
the Delta Bypass), which was soundly rejected by voters through citizen
referendum.

These same interests also dominated the Cal Fed effort, which was created to
solve our water issues. However, after years of work and billions of dollars
spent, Cal Fed produced little or nothing. The problems have only gotten worse.
The director of that failed effort, Lester Snow, is now the state director of
water resources.

To those who believe in promises or guarantees of enough fresh water to protect
the economy and ecology of the Bay and Delta, there is no government policy that
cannot be changed. If we allow the facilities to be built, at some time the
water will be taken.

The governor needs to learn to swim before he jumps into our water.

Ted and Kathy Radke

Martinez

Canal not answer

Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says the ongoing water crisis "makes it an ideal time
to reconsider building an aqueduct around the Delta." Reconsider? I think not.

Delta residents know a canal has never left the minds of southern and central
state water users. They stayed below the radar until they felt the time was
right.

We have a governor from Southern California who is energized by the idea of a
Peripheral Canal. What a surprise.

The Owens Valley was a productive agriculture- producing area and has been
barren for more than 40 years. Its water was taken to the Los Angeles area.

When you build in a desert area -- all of Southern California -- maybe every
house need not plant a lawn?

What meaningful water conservation plans have been implanted in the central and
southern parts of California? Flooding fields is not the best use of water, but
we are still flooding them.

The economy and health of the Delta are all our concerns. We had better wake up
and get in gear or the saltwater intrusion will be a fact of life, affecting our
drinking water, our wildlife and the economy of the area.

Olga R. Jones

Bethel Island

Cut water subsidies

The Peripheral Canal part of the governor's plan is the wrong answer. It would
divert water to the south that is needed to refresh the ailing Delta and to
foster smelt survival.

Eighty percent of our water is used for agriculture at subsidized low rates,
providing little incentive to reduce water usage.

Water-thirsty crops such as rice, cotton and alfalfa should never be grown in
the Central Valley, but should be replaced by profitable crops requiring less
water.

It will be politically very difficult to cancel Central Valley Project water
contracts and replace them with sensible contracts. Large corporate landowners
will vigorously oppose it. But it will be worth the fight!

Hugh L. Kelley

Kensington

Build reservoirs

Under the guise of save our planet, eco freaks and government agencies have
persuaded the American people not to save our precious river water runoff in
reservoirs. Why?

Why do anti-human bigots want our precious runoff water to flow into the ocean
when the ocean contains 97.3 percent of the Earth's water?

The Earth's ice and permafrost contains 2.1 percent of our Earth's water. Only
0.1 percent of our Earth's water flows in our rivers. That's only one drop of
every 1,000 drops of water on Earth flows in our rivers, and the eco freaks want
this water to flow directly into the ocean and not stop in reservoirs so that
humans can use this precious water for human needs. We must stop these water
hogs.

Fish love living in reservoirs, including steelhead and salmon. Wild rivers will
always flourish above the reservoirs. Humans and animals enjoy reservoirs.
California will double in population. We must save our water for possible
five-year droughts.

Life on Earth must have four components: carbon dioxide, oxygen, water and
sunlight. Plants must have carbon dioxide; humans and animals must have oxygen;
and everything must have sunlight and water.

Mike Vukelich

El Sobrante

Serious situation

You're right in insisting that an aqueduct around the Delta be included in the
stepped-up talks to prepare for a population increase that will swamp
California's ability to provide an adequate supply of water.

You're right, again, in calling for an assured flow of fresh water into the
Delta.

These and other issues must be part of the discussion. To do otherwise is
foolish and ignorant of the seriousness facing our state.

Mike Wade

Sacramento

Wade is executive director of the California Farm Water Coalition.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                               December 15, 2001

Details of beef fund spending revealed;

BYLINE: By John Manley

SECTION:  Pg. 34

LENGTH: 447 words


MINISTER for Agriculture and Rural Development Brid Rodgers yesterday announced
details of how beef national envelope funds worth GBP 7.5m will be used in 2002.

The increase from 2001 of around GBP 2.5m brings funding to the level agreed as
part of the Agenda 2000 reforms to the Common Agricultural Policy.

For 2002 the minister has decided to:

ncontinue with the 2001 measures - additional payments to slaughter premium for
beef heifers and top-up payments to the Suckler Cow Premium (SCP) scheme nsplit
the additional funding equally between these two measures, meaning that the
total supplement for beef heifers will be about GBP 40 per animal and the total
top-up to SCP will be about GBP 7.70 Announcing the measures yesterday, Mrs
Rodgers said that while the EU money had been expected it was nonetheless a
"useful and timely boost" for the north's industry.

"In considering this it was clear to me that the existing two measures should
continue with the main decision being how much money to allocate to each, " she
said.

"I have noted tha on one hand, beef heifer finishers will fall further behind
those with steers as BSP rates increase in 2002. On the other hand, suckler
producers represent one of the key groups where targeting social need is a
requirement."

The minister said the two competing arguments were fairly evenly balanced, so
she opted for an equal split of the extra funds.

"I am also concerned to keep an open mind on whether BNE funds could be properly
and usefully used in the longer term to try and bring some improvement to the
quality of our suckler breeding herd, " she said.

"I have asked for more work to be done on this and, should the case support it,
I will bring forward some new proposals next year."

The announcement has been welcomed by Ulster Farmers Union. Cattle and sheep
committee chairman John Goudy said he was pleased the minister had chosen to to
use these additional funds to build upon the arrangements that had been put in
place for 2001.

"This will enable producers to plan their farm finances more effectively now
that the announcement has been made, " he said.

The minister's announcement was also welcomed by United Unionist agriculture
spokesman Boyd Douglas. However, Mr Douglas said the issue should have been
addressed some months ago.

"In the Republic of Ireland the decision was made before the traditional suckled
calf sales to provide farmers with the necessary information to plan for their
purchases and track their expected cash flow, " he said.

"It highlighted this point last year and earlier this year, but the department
still drag their feet on the issue."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 The Irish News Limited


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 28, 2001 Sunday 1ST EDITION

EDITORIAL Bail out State Fair, again

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. G-04

LENGTH: 470 words


As a state program that maintains historical, cultural and  educational ties to
us as a people, the Colorado State Fair should  be funded with state money to
assure the event's survival.

State officials agree that the fair, which takes place in  Pueblo for 17 days
each summer, will have endured another loss at  the end of its fiscal year in
June. A financial report by  legislative analyst Richard Hull estimates that
this year's loss  will be more than $ 900,000.

Officials of the Colorado Department of Agriculture, however,  say the loss is
expected to be more like $ 60,000. The difference,  they say, is in the way
depreciation of structures is factored  into the accounting methods.

The 'fuzzy math' dispute sounds like nothing more than number  crunching, but
any way it's sliced, the bottom line is the bottom  line and that sum for the
Colorado State Fair is in the negative.

Commissioner of Agriculture Don Ament, however, has said he  would support
asking the legislature to spend up to $ 500,000 a  year to keep the fair afloat.

Although that's quite a chunk of taxpayer change, The Denver  Post also favors
additional funding for the State Fair. It  deserves support like any other state
program in Colorado.

The fair provides a multitude of educational opportunities.  As Colorado becomes
more urbanized, it becomes doubly important in  helping preserve our rural past
for future generations. It also  pumps up the Pueblo economy, and we believe the
southern Colorado  capital should continue to be the home of the event, as well.

'We do believe that in order for the fair to be viable, we  would like to see
the state make a greater investment,' said  Robert McLavey, deputy commissioner
of agriculture and a member of  the Colorado State Fair Board.

Yes, the legislature has bailed out the State Fair before. In  1997, the state
handed over $ 4 million to save the fair. The  legislature also created the new
board to operate separately from  the agriculture department.

The State Fair is now governed by the board and a management  staff. But in
response to the budget report, a series of drastic  recommendations, which stop
just short of closing the fair down,  have been advanced. Among them is the
suggestion that the fair be  managed directly by the Agriculture Department.

We're not sure such dramatic steps are necessary. Although  cash flow has been a
problem, the current management team has made  positive gains in recent years.
It's slow going, but the solutions  seem to be working and deserve more time,
more money and perhaps  more direction from Agriculture officials to keep the
fair alive  and help it become solvent. We don't help the fair by continuing  to
threaten its existence.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 22, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Be picky with water bills

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 540 words


Colorado lawmakers need to pick carefully when evaluating water legislation now
pending at the Capitol.

There's a promising new approach to Colorado's chronic water disputes in Rep.
Josh Penry's House Bill 1197, which would set up nine "water roundtables" to
seek cooperative solutions to the state's water needs. But there are two other
bills that seek to put the water wagon before the horse of responsible policy.

One is House Bill 1296 by Rep. Bernie Buescher, D-Grand Junction. It would
impose potentially crippling restrictions on diversions of water from one area
of the state to another. The other dubious proposal is Sen. Jack Taylor's Senate
Bill 62, limiting water rights for kayak courses.

Buescher's bill has been assigned to the House agriculture committee; no hearing
is yet scheduled. Taylor's measure won approval in the Senate agriculture
committee last Thursday after being amended to eliminate any impact on current
or planned kayak courses. In that form, SB 62 is now either useless or harmless,
depending on your point of view. But the underlying issue provides a good
argument for passage of Penry's broader water policy bill.

Colorado has long awarded water rights on a "first in use, first in right"
basis. But the law requires water to be put to "beneficial use" to discourage
speculators from claiming water against some hypothetical future need.
Traditionally, irrigating a hay field was a "beneficial use," while letting
water flow freely in a river wasn't. But now cities such as Golden have
discovered that they make cash registers jingle by building kayak courses and
luring enthusiasts to use such facilities.

So far, cities that have filed for water rights for such courses have done so
under existing water laws. But it's worth noting that, unlike irrigating a hay
field, keeping water in a river for kayaking or fishing is not a "consumptive
use." In short, you can paddle away without degrading that water's use for other
downstream purposes. Establishing such rights has more to do with when and how
the water flows downstream than the ultimate use to which the liquid gold is
put.

Such interlocking issues are exactly the kinds of things Penry's proposed
roundtables could handle. Colorado is obliged by law to deliver sizeable amounts
of water to neighboring states anyway. We might as well make some money from it
while it courses its way to the state line. The legislature should kill SB 62 in
favor of letting the water roundtables weigh kayaking along with other uses.

Likewise, Buescher's bill imposing additional mitigation requirements for
diverting water from one basin to another is at best premature. We're not
against mitigation - indeed, there hasn't been a diversion project in 40 years
that didn't include such measures. But we are against imposing so many
strictures before a specific project is even considered that they effectively
ban such diversions.

As the Wolford Mountain and Windy Gap projects - paid for by Eastern Slope users
but benefitting both sides of the Continental Divide - have shown, win-win
solutions are possible. But HB 1296 would derail the cooperative process before
the first roundtable has even met. Like SB 62, it should be killed in favor of
passage of Penry's HB 1197.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 10, 2015 Sunday

Agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Robert Digitale, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


May 10--Learn more about sheep shearing at Barn to Yarn day

The UC Hopland Research and Extension Center on May 23 will present Barn to
Yarn, a day of sheep shearing and wool demonstrations.

Expert shearer Matt Gilbert will offer demonstrations with a few of the center's
flock of over 800 western whiteface sheep.

Visitors can see different kinds of wool and learn how to grade them. The day
also will feature spinning and weaving demonstrations and workshops for children
on making spindles.

Barn to Yarn will be held from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the center's Rod Shippey
Hall, 4070 University Road, Hopland.

Admission is $5 for adults, while children under 12 are free. To register
online, go to http://hrec.ucanr.edu. For more information contact Hannah Bird,
744-1424, ext. 105, hbird@ucanr.edu

USDA offers money to develop new ag products

Farmers and ranchers can apply for a share of $30 million in federal funds to
develop new value-added products.

The funds are available through USDA's Value-Added Producer Grant program. The
money may be used to help agricultural producers turn raw commodities into
value-added products, expand marketing opportunities and develop new uses for
existing products.

Paper applications will be accepted until July 7 and electronic applications
submitted through Grants.gov are due July 2. More information on how to apply
can be found on page 26528 of the May 8, Federal Register.

Last year, seven such grants totaling $719,914 were awarded in California,
helping a total of 4,000 farmers.

Congressman seeks more water for Central Valley, less for fish

A new chapter in a battle over Trinity River water is taking place as a Central
Valley congressman seeks to limit the amount of flows used to keep the river's
salmon from being sickened by disease.

Instead, U.S. Rep. Doug LaMalfa, R-Richvale, has introduced legislation that
would prohibit extra releases from Lewiston Dam and retain the water for Central
Valley Project water recipients.

The past two years, the Westlands Water District and other San Joaquin Valley
agriculture interests unsuccessfully sued the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation to stop
the higher flows for fish each autumn.

"We need every drop we can spare during this crisis, and this amendment will put
an end to this misuse," LaMalfa said of the current drought.

However, fish and wildlife groups said Malfa's proposal could lead to a massive
fish die-off downstream in the Klamath River, of which the Trinity is a
tributary.

Press Democrat staff and wire reports. Submit items to
robert.digitale@pressdemocrat.com

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150510-UR-Agriculture-briefs-0510-20150510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 18, 2010 Tuesday

Adamstown Library Project Stalls;
Board Decides It Can't Afford To Buy, Renovate Antiques Mall

BYLINE: Alice Hummer, Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY ALICE HUMMER

Correspondent

The Adamstown Area Library has canceled plans to buy the Adamstown Antique Mall
for renovation and use as a new, much-larger library.

"After crunching the numbers one last time at our May 14 board meeting, we
decided to not move forward with purchasing the Adamstown Antique Mall ... ,"
Mike Wetherhold, the library's treasurer, said.

"We simply underestimated what it would cost to operate the (new, larger)
building and overestimated what we could solicit year after year to pay for
those higher costs."

The library was poised to borrow $750,000. But it recently experienced a
30-percent cut in its annual state funding and has no assurance that other
revenues will increase.

Officials projected that the library would have needed nearly $138,000 each year
to meet both debt payments and operating expenses if it went ahead with the
move. Meanwhile, utility and insurance costs are expected to continue to climb,
making it difficult to do accurate, long-term budgeting.

"Even if we reduced our renovation costs by as much as $100,000, it would not
significantly change our cash-flow situation because we applied for a 40-year
mortgage," Wetherhold said.

Librarian Kathy Thren said officials will shift into a new gear after the nearly
four-year effort, which included a feasibility study, site search and financial
planning to purchase and renovate the mall property.

"Our plan is to regroup, launch a successful campaign for annual contributions,
save enough money to get us through approximately five years of operating costs,
and be in a better position to consider another site," Thren said.

Thren said she and many others who worked on the project are disappointed, but
are committed to continue making the best of the current library site in the
Adamstown Municipal Building.

Adamstown Borough Council had offered to loan the library $750,000 from the Hatt
Trust Fund. But the library decided to pursue a loan from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture when it learned of a low-interest, 40-year borrowing option through
the agency.

Wetherhold said he is confident the library will garner community support as it
refocuses its efforts and seeks to raise money.

"This decision was made solely due to significant cash-flow deficits in the
coming years," he said. "I know the library will continue to provide fantastic
service to patrons from the present facility."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Williamson &amp; Williamson Farms wants DIP OK

BYLINE: by Andrew Hedlund

LENGTH: 357 words


Williamson & Williamson Farms Partnership hopes to tap a debtor-in-possession
loan to help keep the barn doors open while inÂ Chapter 11.    The Tutwiler,
Miss., crop harvester on Friday, Feb. 26, sought court protection in the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court in the Northern District of Mississippi in Aberdeen.
Alongside its petition, the debtor on Friday requested use of $923,276 in
postpetition financing provided by AgriFund LLC and permission to tap its cash
collateral.

Judge Neil P. Olack has yet to set an initial hearing in the case.    The new-
money facility, priced at 9.5%, would mature on March 15, 2017, and would help
W&W Farms grow and harvest its 2016 crop as well as make payroll and lease
payments. Super-priority liens onÂ the debtor's 2016 crop, crop insurance and
farm-related government payments would secure the funding.    W&W Farms did not
detail in court papers whatÂ may have served as a catalyst for its bankruptcy
filing. The company faces no litigation.     The debtor's business harvests and
markets row crops, including soybeans.    W&W Farms' prepetition lenders include
State Bank & Trust Co., owed $902,639, and Pinnacle Agriculture Distribution
Inc., owed $653,939. Both lenders hold liens onÂ the debtor's soybean crop,
worth $247,520, and an unspecified amount in payments from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency.     In its petition, the debtor listed
$2.59 million in assets and $2.11 million in liabilities. Filings showed John
Deere Financial (owed $43,388), CNH Industrial Capital LLC ($22,990), Claus
Financial ($10,000) and Scott Petroleum Corp. ($3,990) are the company's largest
unsecured creditors.     W&W Farms estimated unsecured creditors would receive a
payment after administrative expenses are paid. A Feb. 25 appraisal estimated
the debtor's tractors, trucks and other farm equipment to be worth $1.94
million. The company projected the company will bring in $1.67 million income
for 2016 and have a net negative cash flow of $280,674.    Debtor counsel
Jeffrey A. Levingston of Levingston & Levingston PA could not be reached for
comment Monday.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-25 Million

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2016 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

Western Bye-Pass

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: Goa


Goa, April 16 -- If we create a document on a computer we can easily undo it or
re-do it, but such a thing is not possible in case of a public utility project
like that of the western bye-pass. The Government if it does not respect the
views and voice of it's people will surely go ahead with this project by using
all possible means and machinery at it's disposal. If people come out to oppose
it, people would surely face the brunt, the use of bouncers, special armed
police force, etc. etc. would be put into use and the project would be
completed. This would not mean lok shai but ukum shai, (dictatorship rather than
democrary).

If the government intends to go ahead with this project against the wishes of
it's people then the best possible option would be to construct flyovers at
places where rain water flow would not get obstructed, and the width of the road
should not be more than 15-20 meters, which would mean a compromised formula
since it is only a bye-pass road to allow decongestant of traffic flow from
entering Margao city.

The construction of flyovers would surely inflate the cost and so not a feasible
idea according to the government but why compromise when the money comes from we
the people of India. It would surely prevent flooding during the monsoons.

If the government wants to go ahead with the present plan, a big chunk of our
agricultural land would be lost forever. If people lose their agriculture land
like this then slowly but surely in the years to come we will have the Minister
for Agriculture and Agriculture Department minus agriculture land. Let's hope
and pray that this project meets it's premature death if it does not go well
with the people's wishes, or else we will have to say R.I.P. Saipem Tollem.

My good old friend, bab Avertano, do all that you can to be with your people who
elected you to power, since you are the son of this soil, you know the ground
reality very well. Prevention is better than cure. Let us join hands to avoid a
man-made disaster like that of Chennai and avoid crying out for help to the
disaster management machinery.

Let us not become slaves of the people from outside our state whose only agenda
is to destroy our beautiful Goa.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 13, 2008 Sunday

Money flows out of rural America

BYLINE: Alan Guebert

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 625 words


One of the oldest truisms in agriculture noted that "When farmers make money,
everybody in town makes money."

"Noted," as in past tense because, if you've passed through almost any farm town
in any farm state lately, few businesses - outside a coffee shop, a convenience
store and a pub or two - exist anymore.

The reasons for rural America's empty storefronts are as many as they are
irreversible: fewer farmers, more mobility, the rise (and domination) of chain
retailers, the Internet, loyalties pegged to dollars rather than neighbors.
These are cold facts, not nostalgic laments.

Yet the dollars that once were spent locally, and then pinballed through local
businesses five or so times before moving on, still are being spent. In fact,
according to November U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates, farmers and
ranchers spent a record

$254 billion last year to grow our food and fiber.

Those same farmers and ranchers also pocketed a record net farm income, $87.5
billion, or nearly

$30 billion more than 2006.

So where did - does - the money go?

The usual places, mostly into the pockets of giant, American-based transnational
businesses, only now it gets there more directly instead of the local zigging
and zagging of 30 years ago. And, too, once it gets into the international
pipeline, it's deposited everywhere - but only rarely in rural America.

For example, Deere &amp; Co. made a $1.8 billion profit on sales of $24 billion
in its 2007 fiscal year; $85 million of which then went to purchase Nihgbo Benye
Tractor and Automobile Manufacturing, the largest tractor maker in southern
China.

Likewise, CHS Inc., formerly known as Cenex Harvest States cooperative, achieved
record sales,

$17.2 billion, and a record profit, $750 million, for its 350,000 members in
2007.

The money quickly moved to, among other things, generous patronage to co-op
members, increased investment in its domestic petroleum and biofuel businesses
and a new grain trading office in Switzerland.

Some of it - CHS is not saying how much - was added to cash from a new Japanese
partner, Mitsui &amp; Co., and a current Brazilian partner, Multigrain AG, to
buy 247,000 acres, or 386 square miles, of Brazilian farmland in early November
to "strengthen the ability of Multigrain and its owners to originate commodities
for global customers."

Monsanto, too, had a smashing 2007. Left for dead (by me, among others) just
five years ago, the global biotech leader saw its net income soar 44 percent, to
nearly $1 billion, on sales of $8.5 billion last year.

The company, noted BusinessWeek in early December, "is minting money," most of
which will be spent in 2008 on perfecting, then marketing, new seeds for
American, Indian, Chinese and Brazilian farmers.

How far-flung ag giants and big box retailers make and spend their (formerly
your) money is, of course, their and their shareholders' business. That most of
it leaves the local community never to return, however, once was everyone's
business.

Truth be told, few in rural America even worry about our vanishing local
economies now and even fewer have the skills to do something about it. A
generation or so ago, we stopped bending over to pick up a penny and began
driving 20 miles to save a nickel. Those choices, like all those nickels,
carried value; value that now ends up elsewhere.

During the 23 years I have lived in central Illinois, arguably the dead center
of the richest farmland in the world, Wal-Mart has built five, ever-bigger
"supercenters" in the two county seats equidistant from my home.

Well, Wal-Mart didn't build 'em; we - our nickels - did. And that, too, is a
simple, cold fact.

Guebert's weekly column is published in more than 75 newspapers in North
America. Contact him via e-mail at agcomm@sbcglobal.net

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 26, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CALIFORNIA FARMS REELING, TOO

BYLINE: By THOMAS C. HAYES, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1068 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, July 25


From grapes and almonds, to cotton and rice, farmers in California have long had
more options to make money than farmers in other parts of the country.

But growers here are reeling, too, faced by many of the same woes as other
American farmers: falling commodity prices, rising imports, dwindling foreign
markets and staggering bank debt, California growers face their fifth
consecutive year of declining profits, The Security Pacific National Bank, for
example, estimates that the industry will earn $3 billion this year, down from
$3.2 billion in 1984 and a peak of $4.2 billion in 1980.

And falling prices for major crops such as cotton, grapes, raisins, corn,
almonds and rice have pared cash flows so much that many growers say they face
another year of losses. Those growers who borrowed to buy high-priced land a few
years ago have few places to turn for help. California farms, although larger,
on average, than those in the Middle West, are still mostly family owned.

'A Day of Reckoning'

''It looks like there will be a day of reckoning for a lot of growers by the end
of the year,'' said Walt Cucuk, owner of a 130-acre grape and raisin farm north
of Fresno. ''They've got their ranches mortgaged to the hilt and have been
living off their savings. ''This year's crop won't pay their expenses.''

The situation is probably not as bleak as in some parts of the American farm
belt, because of the greater diversification. Nonetheless, agriculture is one of
California's biggest industries, and the continued downturn has sent farmland
prices plummeting, and has taken a toll on the banks here, too.

The problems in California agriculture, for example, were among the factors
cited by the BankAmerica Corporation last week when it reported a $338 million
loss in the second quarter. Its Bank of America unit has its roots in
California's small farming communities and remains the state's largest
agricultural lender, with a farm loan portfolio of $2.2 billion. It also owns
approximately 94,000 acres in foreclosed farmland.

''All of the major California banks'' are confronted with growing agricultural
loan problems, said Ray Borton, senior agricultral economist for the California
Department of Food and Agriculture.

Agriculture here remained relatively healthy during the nation's steep recession
of 1981 and 1982.

Some Still Thrive

Even now, some farmers are still thriving. The California citrus industry, for
example, which suffered losses in the late 1970's, has benefited from the canker
blight and freezes that hurt orange production in Florida. Several vegetables,
such as tomatoes, also are doing well.

But many other crops are slumping. The strong dollar has made it much harder for
growers to sell abroad, and foreign farmers are picking away at some of
California's biggest markets, said Stephen Levy, senior economist at the Center
for the Continuing Study of the California Economy, a private research group.

China, which as recently as two years ago imported California cotton, is now a
cotton exporter - and a competitor. It may capture 15 percent of the Japanese
market, according to the Agriculture Department.

Then, too, wine imports, primarily from France and Italy, accounted for 25.7
percent of all wine consumed in the United States last year, according to the
Wine Institute, an industry-financed research group in San Francisco. Many grape
growers, including Mr. Cucuk, a third-generation farmer who is 52 years old,
expect the figure to approach 28 percent this year.

Grape Prices Decline

California wine shipments, aided by the popular new wine coolers, are expected
to increase about 3 percent, to 373 million gallons this year, according to the
Wine Institute. But prices for grapes used for crushing have declined steadily -
to $169 a ton last year, from a peak of $248 in 1981. Cotton, at about 60 cents
a pound, is down about 10 cents from a year ago.

With less money coming in from crop sales, California growers have little
available to make debt payments. ''What we've seen the last two years will
continue,'' said James D. Kirk, senior vice president in charge of lending for
the Wells Fargo Bank in the San Joaquin Valley. ''The people who took on too
much debt will probably go out of business.''

Mr. Kirk, along with other bankers, said they now review a grower's chances of
making a profit on a given crop in deciding whether to make new loans, instead
of looking at land values. Most bankers said they try to carry a farmer as long
as possible, and if they must repossess the land, try to lease it back to the
farmer.

''In a lot of cases, with appropriate management and efficiency enhancements,
the farmers will come through'' before the land is repossessed, said Duane Paul,
senior economist for the southern California operations of the Bank of America.
''But in other cases, fortunately the minority, they are simply not going to
make it. It's a bitter pill for us to swallow, as well as for the farmer.''

Most banks are keeping foreclosed acres off the market in an effort to keep
prices from falling further, Mr. Cucuk, the grape grower, said.

Land Value Plunges

Today, however, land values in the arid, irrigated San Joaquin Valley have
plummeted in many cases by more than 50 percent in three years. Land with
Thompson seedless grapes, a basic crop used primarily for raisins and in
wine-making, has fallen to less than $4,000 an acre, down from a peak average of
$10,840 in 1982, according to the Agriculture Department.

Rather than buying more land, Mr. Cucuk used his profits from boom times to open
a machine shop. But that, too, is now ''struggling.'' Meanwhile, he expects to
lose money in farming for the second consecutive year.

Dick Markarian, a grower with 880 acres south of Fresno, said that land acquired
at $4,000 an acre was still too expensive for a grower to make a profit at
today's prices.

Mr. Markarian, who is 74, said memories of occasionally going without food so
that his father would not lose the family's 20-acre farm during the Depression
had led him to refuse his sons' desire to buy more land a few years ago. ''I'm
scared to death of debt,'' he said.

At the time, their farm was making more than 30 percent in after-tax profits on
$600,000 in annual receipts. Today, the farm, which produces cotton, grapes and
corn on mortgage-free land, might not make money, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Walt Cucuk (NYT/Diana Baldrica); photo of Dick Markarian (NYT)
(page D2); graph of revenues of California agriculture, in billions of dollars
(Source: Security National Bank); graph of land value, per acre, of acerage
growing Thompson seedless grapes, in thousands of dollars (Source: Agriculture
Dept.)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              June 21, 2013 Friday

Utah areas ravaged by fire, flood to get emergency federal relief

BYLINE: Amy Joi O'Donoghue Deseret News

LENGTH: 507 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? The aftermath of three major fires last year such as mud flows
and flooding will be lessened somewhat with federal emergency watershed funding
being awarded in Utah. The areas that remain under threat from the Dump Fire in
Saratoga Springs, in Emery County from the Seeley Fire and Millard County's Clay
Springs Fire will collectively receive $7.6 million from the U.S. Natural
Resources Conservation Service.

In Emery County, it will be tight project deadline, but the $2.1 million it
receives should come in time for a catch basin to be constructed in Huntington
Canyon, preventing devastating mud flows that could come in this summer's
monsoon season. "What we are trying to do is protect everybody," said Emery
County Commission Chairman Jeff Horrocks. "It is the monsoon season later in the
year that has us concerned." Last year's Seeley Fire burned more than 48,000
acres, leaving charred mountainous landscapes in its wake. Its lingering effects
became just as damaging, with mud and debris that washed down the mountain in
heavy rain, clogging Huntington Creek, causing hundreds of thousands of dollars
in damage to a private farming operation and threatening the operation of the
Huntington Power Plant. Horrocks said he is hopeful the money will help counter
any of those effects this summer through the installment of that upper basin and
another down below. The Emery County threat is just one of eight natural
disasters in Utah being addressed through emergency watershed funding of $10.2
million provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources
Conservation Service. Dave Brown, state conservationist in the Utah office, said
the agency has received approval to begin work on the projects, which are
scattered throughout the state from Utah County to Washington County, as well as
in the Uintah Basin. Friday's announcement of the money said the funding is
directed to areas in response to damage caused by flooding, fires and wind
storms. A Natural Resources Conservation Service report earlier this year said
the watershed in the mountains as a result of the Seeley Fire was wiped out,
with effects that will linger for years to come. Also heavily hit in terms of
watershed were Oak City and Millard County, which are getting $3.5 million to
help in reseeding burned areas in the Clay Springs Fire to help prevent flooding
from Oak Creek and its tributaries. Other recipients and projects include:
Carbon County, $500,000, to protect roads and homes from damaging debris and mud
flows following the Seeley Fire.  Duchesne County, $500,000, to protect roads
and homes from flooding following the Church Camp Fire.  San Juan County,
$500,000, to protect a bridge where damage occurred following an intense
thunderstorm.  Enoch City, $1 million, to protect roads, homes and
infrastructure from future flood damage due to intense rainfall.  Washington
County, $500,000, to protect infrastructure following floods resulting from
heavy rainfall. Email: amyjoi@deseretnews.com, Twitter: amyjoi16

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 12, 2011 Monday
                                 Second Edition

Farmers happy to stay put

BYLINE: Matthew Cranston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 849 words


Hundreds of farmers are holding back their properties from this year's spring
selling campaign as strong commodity prices provide hope of another good farming
Â­season while liquidity constraints keep tradÂ­itional buyers out of the
market.

Flooding rains across the continent have breathed new life into farming
operations, from cotton fields in northern NSW to wheat crops in western
Australia and the grazing areas of Queensland and the Northern Territory.

Lamb, wheat and cotton prices have dipped recently but remain historically high
and most analysts from the large banks predict further price strength rather
than a pull-back any time soon. Cattle Â­stations and cotton farms worth a total
of $1.5 billion are for sale across Australia, but Landmark Harcourt state
manager Phil Rourke said listings in the biggest rural market, NSW, would be 30
per cent less this spring compared with last year.

"Farmers who were thinking of selling have been testing the market for the past
two years and didn't get the money so they are going to hang around for the next
season or two," he said.

From January through to the end of September 2010, 306 properties of more than
40 hectares were offered for auction in NSW. Over the same time this year there
have been only 205, and few are expected to hit the market over the next few
months.

"I think the properties that have an X factor will sell," Mr Rourke said, "There
is new, genuine interest in agriculture but it's only really for the larger end
of town."

One of the X-factor properties on the market this spring is owned by David
Baffsky, chairman of the largest hotel and tourism company in Australia, Accor
Asia Pacific.

His 1700 hectare Billabong Station east of Wagga Wagga turned off 25,000 fat
lambs last year along with about 600 hectares of cropping.

"It's fundamental to have good cash flow from a rural property," Mr Baffsky
said. "There is not much point in only relying on capital gain; whether the
buyer is institutional or a private investor, the cash flow is Â­fundamental."

His words echo bankers' views on buying rural property.

Westpac chief executive for regional and agribusiness banking Graham Jennings
said cash flow from rural properties was critical in deciding whether to lend.

"What we see - and this is across all sectors of the economy - is that there is
a cautious feeling around debt at the moment, so having some resilience around
the capacity to service the debt is important," he said.

"The cash flow, from a property buyer's point of view, is essential and from a
banking point of view we have always stressed the need for good cash flow."

For many farms around Australia, values have stalled. Most agents don't see any
movement up or down over the next year.

However many farms, notably cotton growers and lamb-fattening operations such as
Mr Baffsky's, have enjoyed a strong build-up in cash flows over the past six to
12 months and most senior agricultural analysts don't expect the contributing
commodity prices to suddenly unwind.

Australia and New Zealand Banking Group's senior agricultural economist, Paul
Deane, said most speculative positions had been unwound, leaving many prices in
line with fundamentals.

"Overall we see little reason for any major pull-back in global food prices."

As part of the deal to sell Mr Baffsky's property, the buyer will receive 560
hectares already planted with wheat and canola crops, giving them immediate cash
flow.

Landmark Harcourts in conjunction with Meares and Associates' Chris Meares and
Sam Triggs are selling the property.

Mr Meares described Billabong, which could sell for as much as $10 million, as
one of the "trophy propÂ­erties that will have the edge on the rest this
spring".

"The rural property market is just like our economy, it's two-speed. The larger,
corporate-type farms are going to do well, but if you have a smaller place you
could be in for a pretty tough ride this spring."

For the corporate-type farms, there are genuine buyers in the market.
Domestically, Macquarie Pastoral Group bought three properties in north-western
NSW from Clyde Â­Agriculture this year for about $60 million.

The Sustainable Agriculture Fund has bought $100 million worth of rural
properties in the last 18 months, and PrimeAg is launching a $600 million
vehicle with Australia's Future Fund to snap up the large- scale properties as
well.

Mr Meares said there were inquiries from institutions from the United States,
companies out of China and private companies from the United Kingdom and Europe.

All will be watching the exchange rate, water policy and commodity prices when
making the decision to invest.

And with the emphasis remaining on the large commercial enterprises, the lack of
available funding doesn't bode well for those trying to sell smaller hobby
farms.

In south-east Queensland, veteran hobby farm agent Ray White Rural's Peter
Douglas said there were countless hobby farm listings to choose from, some of
which had been left on property search sites for years.

"For the hobby farm what you need to worry about first is finding a buyer, then
you can start talking price."

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR GRAPHS: Food for thought - Cotton (USÂ¢/lb); Wheat ($US/ton); Beef
(Â¢/kg); Lamb (Â¢/kg) SOURCE: ANZ RESEARCH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 March 25, 1995 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

2 CHILD-CARE AGENCY DIRECTORS IN PROBE MISUSE OF MEAL PROGRAM FUNDS SUSPECTED

BYLINE: RENEE KOURY, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1629 words


The directors of two Alameda County child-care agencies serving thousands of
families in California are under investigation for possible embezzlement of
federal funds earmarked for a children's meal program.

A federal official said the investigation is the largest in more than a decade
involving funds for the child-care food program.

The FBI, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and a federal grand jury are
examining possible misappropriation by the directors of the Child Care
Coordinating Council of California, based in Pleasanton, and the Community Child
Care Coordinating Council of Alameda County, based in Hayward.

Investigators are looking into whether the directors siphoned about $300,000
over three years from meal-program overhead funds allocated to the
Pleasanton-based agency, commonly known as the 4-C's of California, according to
sources. All three directors declined to discuss the investigation.

The Pleasanton-based agency is the second-largest sponsor in California of the
Agriculture Department's $1.5 billion-a-year Child Care Food Program, which is
one of 45 programs that would lose funding under the sweeping welfare cuts
approved Friday in the House of Representatives. Four-C's provides
reimbursements for meals served to as many as 10,000 children a day in family-
operated day care homes across the state.

Administrative funds

The suspected misappropriation involved administrative funds, not money for the
children's meals.

The investigation focuses on Bruce Raine of Castro Valley, executive director of
the 4-C's of California. Raine also is a longtime accounting teacher at
California State University, Hayward who recruited some of his students to work
as accountants at the agency, former employees said.

Authorities also are questioning William Walker Jr. of Oakland, the past
executive director of the Community Child Care Coordinating Council of Alameda
County, commonly known as the 4-C's of Alameda; and that agency's current
director, Jeffrey Miller of Hayward, law enforcement and state officials said.
Concerns raised last year

A state Department of Education audit of the 4-C's of California last year
raised concerns about the administrative cash flow, prompting the Agriculture
Department and the FBI to investigate. A federal grand jury convened in
Sacramento in January to look into the spending practices.

The state has refused to release a copy of the audit. But authorities at the
Agriculture Department and the state Department of Education and other sources
confirmed that investigators are looking into whether the three directors
misappropriated overhead money allocated to the Pleasanton agency in the
following ways:

* Raine may have paid Walker and Miller thousands of dollars a month for
consulting work the two men never performed, said Joanne Lowe, attorney for the
Education Department, who cited preliminary audit findings.

* 4-C's of California may have been paying bonuses to employees in violation of
federal rules, Lowe said.

* 4-C's of California may have paid a salary to Miller's wife, Victoria, who
once worked part time for Raine's agency but allegedly was paid for more work
than she performed, federal investigators said.

* Raine may have loaned himself federal funds from 4-C's of California to buy
two print shops, Lowe said. Raine is listed on some public documents as the sole
proprietor of the shops.

* Raine may have loaned $10,000 in federal funds to a 4-C's employee, enabling
her to buy a house, Lowe said.

"We received information some time ago that there might be some problems at that
(Pleasanton) facility," said David Dickson, regional inspector general at the
USDA in San Francisco. "A state Department of Education audit led us to other
suspicions, and we initiated our investigation. We looked at some of the records
at issue, and it gave us cause to believe the allegations have substance. There
were substantial amounts of money being paid out (by the agency), but for what
time period and what money was a subject of fraud is still under investigation."

Robert Eady, program director for the Agriculture Department in Washington,
D.C., said that if the suspicions are true, he believes it would be the biggest
fraud case in the food program since directors of a Minnesota-based child-care
agency misappropriated about $300,000 in meal funds 13 years ago.

Free meals for children

The Agriculture Department program provides free meals to children in about
185,000 licensed day care homes and centers across the nation -- including about
30,000 in California -- regardless of the income levels of the children.

Raine said Friday that the allegations were being spread by a disgruntled former
employee who is angered about being dismissed from the agency. "I have no
comment on all of this," the accounting teacher said. The former employee, he
said, "has vowed to destroy my life" and "wants to get me fired from my job."
Miller said he plans to make a public statement about the investigation soon. "I
cannot, on the advice of counsel, comment on this," he said. "But I can say that
I am confident that in the end, this will all come out and I will get a clean
bill of health."

Walker said: "As I'm told, there's a whole investigation going on here. And I
don't have any comments to make at this time."

Raine started his agency in 1988, and it grew rapidly to become the second-
largest sponsor in California of the federal meals program. With offices in
Southern California and Pleasanton, it received federal grants of $7.7 million
last fiscal year to sponsor more than 2,000 family operated day-care centers.
The 4-Cs of Alameda, a 22-year-old agency with government funding of $6.3
million reported in the last fiscal year, provides information and referrals to
southern Alameda County parents seeking child care; pays child-care fees for
low-income children; operates a large day-care center on 21st Street in Oakland;
and sponsors the federal meals program, according to the agency's charitable
trust forms filed with the Internal Revenue Service.

Pair 'highly respected'

Miller and Walker have long been respected local day-care administrators, said
Maryann Davis, president of the Southern Alameda County Family Child Care
Association, a group of about 150 day-care providers from San Leandro to
Fremont.

"I work very closely with them," she said. "I know and respect Jeff very highly.
He is always concerned about family child-care providers, concerned about my
views. Both men are highly respected. It would really surprise me and shock me
to hear anything like that (wrongdoing) of either one of them."

Under the Agriculture Department's Child Care Food Program, which began in 1972,
the state Department of Education receives about $158 million a year for
nutritious meals for children in licensed family-operated day-care homes and
child-care centers. The state contracts with several agencies -- including the
4-C's -- to administer the funds. None of the other 4-C's agencies is under
investigation, sources said.

Agencies in the food program receive what some consider generous reimbursement
to cover administrative costs -- up to $69 a month for each child-care provider
they sign up in the program. The agencies monitor the providers to make sure
they are serving the meals.

Four-C's of California received about $850,000 for overhead costs in the last
fiscal year, state records show.

Walker, Miller and Raine started out working together during the 1980s at 4-C's
of Alameda, with Raine serving as the accountant, sources said. Around 1988,
Raine split off to start his own agency. At first, he worked in the same offices
with 4-C's of Alameda but now rents an office in Pleasanton.

Lowe and other sources said that 4-C's of California may have written checks for
"thousands of dollars each month" to consulting firms owned by Miller and
Walker. But employees at the 4-C's told auditors they were unaware of any work
the two men did and "the implication was that they didn't do any work at all,"
Lowe said.

Walker owns B.W. Consultancy, a firm listing its headquarters at Walker's
Oakland home; and Miller is listed as sole owner of Child Development Management
Group, whose address is at Miller's Hayward home.

Audit: no board of directors

Lowe said the audit also found that Raine's agency lacked any functioning board
of directors as required under state law to oversee operations and approve
spending practices.

Four-C's of California allegedly was paying bonuses to employees in violation of
federal rules. Raine allegedly donated $20,000 to the agency one year to pay for
the bonuses, then gave himself a $20,000 "rebate" at the end of the year using
the federal funds in an apparent attempt to circumvent the rules, Lowe said.

The state auditors are still trying to track the flow of money allocated to
Raine's agency, Education Department sources said. A final audit is expected to
be released within a few weeks.

Part of the audit seeks to determine whether Raine used 4-C's funds to purchase
two printing companies -- Capitola Print & Copy in Santa Cruz County and Altos
Print & Copy in Los Altos. Raine is listed on a city business license as the
sole proprietor of the Capitola shop, though the state Board of Equalization
lists the Child Care Coordinating Council of California as the owner. Public
records list Raine as the sole owner of the Los Altos shop.

A former employee who wished to remain anonymous said Raine, Miller and Walker
led low-key lifestyles. But frequently, the three men went on vacation together
to exotic tropical islands. Raine, the former employee said, dreamed of retiring
early to one of the islands.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 14, 2013 Thursday

Bushels and dollars flow from county, MTI land deal

BYLINE: Luke Hagen, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


Nov. 14--An agreement between Davison County and Mitchell Technical Institute
has helped hundreds of students learn the basics of farming and has paid the
county thousands of dollars.

0 Talk about it

Since April 2001, MTI has held a crop-sharing agreement that allows the school
to farm county-owned land, a program MTI calls its "land lab." The students
conduct all parts of farming on the acreage. After harvest and crop sales, some
of them report to Davison County commissioners and tell them how much yield the
acreage made.

"Some of these individuals have never driven a combine or combined corn or
soybeans, and that's part of what that land agreement was for, giving students
hands-on experience," said MTI agricultural technology instructor Rick Kriese,
who's in his third year of teaching at the school.

The current five-year agreement ends in March and states that 25 percent of the
income from the crop sales is paid to the county. This year, MTI had access to
four fields totaling 88 acres, all of which are near city limits.

In the past five years combined, the MTI harvest has made Davison County a total
of $47,650.59. Tuesday, Kriese and four MTI students reported this year's
harvest of corn and soybeans netted the county $11,698.17. The income the county
receives goes to its general fund.

MTI President Greg Von Wald said the agreement is a "win-win" for both MTI and
the county.

"If you're going to teach education in agriculture, and you do not have a land
lab, it is tough to really get across what we want to a young student," Von Wald
said Wednesday afternoon. "We use that land lab as a way to teach them to make
the mistakes to understand how to manage it, the techniques, the new
technologies and how to get the hands-on experience they need.

"Then they can take it back to their farm and then they've done it. Without that
land lab, we would really be in a pickle."

Three MTI programs, Ag-Tech, Farm Power and Precision Tech, used the land this
year. In total, Kriese said 170 students were involved with the lab. This year,
MTI students planted a total of 35.5 acres of corn in three fields that averaged
165.65 bushels an acre. The students planted one field of soybeans at 44.1 acres
that averaged 44.08 bushels an acre.

In the last five years, MTI has made about $143,000 in sales from the crops on
county land. Von Wald said that money goes into an agriculture farm account to
help fund the program.

"That's not all profit," Von Wald said. "We pay for seed, we pay for insurance,
and we pay for fertilizer, just like you would if you were a producer out there.
It's just like you would run your farm. Some years we'll have a profit, some
years we don't."

At the land lab, MTI uses its own combines, planters, drills and trailers, but
leases tractors from local implement dealers.

Steven Whistler, of Spencer, was one of the students who reported to the
commissioners Tuesday.

"There's a few of us who've driven combines or knew a little bit about it,"
Whistler said. "I'm not going to say we're experts, but we knew enough to run
it. Some of the kids had never even been around it, and this is a great
experience for them, just to get out there and be in the field."

Commissioner John Claggett said the county has been happy with MTI as tenants
for the acreage, and said it's an added bonus for the students to have a place
to learn.

"There's nothing better than hands-on experience, and we thank you all for what
you're doing," Claggett told Kriese and the students Tuesday.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131114-JQ-Bushels-and-dollars-flow
-from-county-MTI-land-deal-1114-20131114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Republic


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              March 9, 2007 Friday
                                 First Edition

Nationals' greed puts water plan at risk

SECTION: NEWS; Leaders; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 344 words


If it's an election year and there's money in the air - preferably billions of
dollars - the Nationals won't be far away. In 2004, they crowded around the
regional partnerships money tree and stripped its foliage during the election
campaign, and this year they are loitering menacingly in the vicinity of John
Howard's $10 billion plan to save the Murray-Darling basin. Only this time the
Nationals have the double incentive of not only "managing" the disbursement of
$10 billion of taxpayers' money in favour of their farmer constituents, but also
resisting the changes needed to put water allocations from the basin on a
sustainable footing.

Nationals such as Deputy Prime Minister Mark Vaile, Agriculture Minister Peter
McGauran and maverick senator Barnaby Joyce reject the entire premise of the
Prime Minister's water package. This was that, with water flows into the basin
running 40 per cent below previous lows, water is being used unsustainably in
farm areas and agriculture must change if management of the basin is to be put
on a sustainable footing. This is accepted by everyone - including all the
relevant scientific experts - bar the Nationals, who presumably don't want to do
their duty and give their constituents the bad news in an election year. Instead
of accepting that chronic overallocations from the Murray-Darling in the states
of NSW and Queensland must end, and that the most cost-effective way to do this
is to buy back water licences, as the Productivity Commission advised, the
Nationals want the $3 billion set aside for this purpose to be spent entirely on
"structural adjustment" and no review of water access management plans.

The present plans were put together under the existing co-operative management
system and did not do enough to curb overallocations - there is still no overall
cap on extractions from the basin. That is why the Murray-Darling is in such a
jam, and why the Prime Minister's national scheme has become necessary. He
should not be distracted from his course by the squawking from the junior
coalition partner.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

Risks in late receipts

BYLINE: carin PICKWORTH

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 389  words


TARDY bill paying is causing cash flow constraints for small to medium firms,
with the average payment taking three weeks longer than the standard 30-day
term.

Figures in a new Dun & Bradstreet Trade Payments Analysis signal cash-flow and
credit risks for all small to medium enterprises but, despite the bad report
card, payment periods have reduced since 2005-06 in most industries.

Mining was named as the slowest-paying industry for the second year running,
with payments averaging a 58-day delay - just better than last year's 60.1 days.
The manufacturing industry was not far behind, with a lagging payment period of
55 days.

Agriculture, forestry and fishing (grouped as one industry) and construction
paid their bills fastest, at about 52 and 51 days respectively.

Dun & Bradstreet Australasia chief executive Christine Christian said Australian
businesses should try to improve their cash-management practices and limit their
risk exposure.

''Cash flow is the lifeblood of any business and in order to control credit risk
it is critical to implement effective receivables practices,'' Ms Christian
said. ''This is particularly pertinent for small and medium-sized businesses,
especially if they rely heavily on big corporations for the bulk of their
revenue.''

Recent trade-payment figures show businesses continued to hold on to money for
as long as they could before paying their bills, meaning all business owners
should acquire information about customers before extending credit.

Ms Christian said failing to do this led to the external administration of about
6000 Australian companies each year. ''With Australian executives continuing to
be uncertain about the economic environment ahead, small and large businesses
alike should concentrate on streamlining their cash management practices,'' she
said.

''Otherwise we could see a dramatic increase in insolvencies.''

The industries which made the greatest headway in paying their bills faster in
2005-06 were:

TRANSPORTATION which came in with a 54-day trade payment period (57 days the
previous year).

RETAIL trade - 52.7 days (56).

AGRICULTURE - 50.5 (52.5).

MINING - 57.9 (60.1).

CONSTRUCTION - 51.5 (55.1).

MANUFACTURING - 55.2 (56.6).

TRANSPORTATION - 54.2 (57).

WHOLESALE trade - 53.4 (55.6).

FINANCE, real estate - 53.2 (55.7).

SERVICES - 52.9 (55.3).

PUBLIC services - 52.5 (54.7).

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           August 19, 2000, Saturday

BROWN PROMISES PIG MEN FAIR TREATMENT ON COMPENSATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 961 words


THE pig industry will be "treated fairly" over compensation, Agriculture
minister Nick Brown promised yesterday.

He told a meeting with industry representatives to discuss the swine fever
outbreak that his priority was to control the spread of the disease, which has
led to restrictions being placed on 35 farms in eight counties.

But he refused to speculate on whether the European Union could be persuaded to
reduce the scope of the export ban when its veterinary committee met next
Tuesday, saying he was waiting for reports.

Mr Brown was meeting members of the National Farmers Union, the Nation Pig
Association, abattoir owners, retailers and East Anglian farmers affected by the
outbreak at the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in central London.

Restrictions on the industry, the EU ban and a compensation package were
expected to be on the agenda, said a MAFF spokesman.

Mr Brown said he had discussed compensation, both for the welfare of pig farmers
and for "industry restructuring", with other EU states.

The consultations with countries including France and Germany had been "very
helpful", he said, and the European Commission had "gone out of their way to
help us".

"I will make sure we are treated fairly, as fairly as anyone else.

"But by far the best thing to do is to get this disease under control and get
back to normal trading as soon as possible."

The disease posed no risk to humans, but there was considerable damage to the
pig industry, he added.

Seven farms in Cheshire, Derbyshire, Lincolnshire, Lancashire, Sussex, the Isle
of Wight and Dorset have been banned from transporting their pigs while
Government veterinary surgeons conduct tests.

The other 28 farms under restriction are in East Anglia, where five farms were
confirmed with classical swine fever and 12,000 pigs slaughtered.

Mr Brown said: "I am not going to speculate until I have seen the results of the
test."

Both Mr Brown and the pig industry representatives said the meeting at the
Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food had been "constructive".

James Black, vice chairman of the National Pig Association, said: "It was a
useful meeting - we have managed to point out to the minister some of the key
issues, particularly in relation to welfare.

"The length of time pigs are being kept on restricted farms has serious
implications, not only for the welfare of the animals but notably for the cash
flow of the farmers who are not able to move their pigs on."

But he said there had been no real progress on the issue of gaining compensation
for farmers affected by the outbreak of swine fever.

"For people with cases of infection on their farms there are measures already in
place for them to receive a limited amount of compensation. But the issue is
what to do with the farmers whose cash flow is affected because they cannot sell
their pigs.

"These are the main issues MAFF is going to go away and think about.

"Their message to us is, from the welfare point of view, some of those problems
are problems for producers, but we have impressed upon them that at some stage
if things start to go wrong on the ground then it becomes a problem at MAFF."

Marcus Bates, of the British Pig Association, which represents pig breeders,
said: "We have highlighted our concerns but the main thing now is that we have
to control the disease and get the industry back to normal."

John Godfrey, chairman of the National Pig Association, said it was important
that the EU's restrictions on pig exports were not allowed to cripple the
industry in England.

"The priority, firstly, is to control the disease ... and the Ministry of
Agriculture has done a superb job on identifying and making sure that the
disease does not spread ..." said Mr Godfrey.

"We now have to work out a system to see that those controls do not permanently
financially damage quite a lot of pig farmers.

"We have lost money for two years, we are only just starting to make money
again, and of course this is another body blow," he told BBC Radio 4's The World
at One.

Mr Brown said he was waiting to hear whether the disease had been confined to
East Anglia, where cases have been confirmed, or whether it had spread to other
areas where farms are under surveillance.

"We are not sure that it has got out of the controlled area yet. These farms are
under surveillance, but we haven't got confirmed cases yet."

"There is a testing regime, we will get the results of the tests over the next
few days, and then we

will know with certainty what we are up against."

Asked how the Government would help affected farmers, Mr Brown said: "By far and
away the best thing I can do for the industry is to get us out of this as
quickly as possible, and that means bearing down on the disease and
exterminating it."

Mr Brown declined to criticise the international community for taking a
precautionary stance on English pigs.

"It's a terribly devastating disease for pigs ... it doesn't affect humans, but
nobody is going to let it into their country or take the risk of it coming into
their country, so it is quite understandable that people are reacting in this
way.

"The EU has reacted proportionately, I understand why they are making the
decisions that they are. We have to convince these important trading partners of
ours that we have got the disease confined and that we are exterminating it."

Liberal Democrat agriculture spokesman Colin Breed said: "The outbreak not only
impacts on those farms with confirmed cases, but also the sector as a whole.

"With the crisis escalating, there must be a clear package worked our that will
prevent the pig industry from disappearing altogether.".

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (MAFF) Senior official;
Robert Bell (left), Junior Agriculture Minister Baroness Hayman, the; Secretary
of State for Agriculture Nick Brown, and Chief Vet Jim Scudamore, at a meeting
yesterday with pig industry representitives to discuss the outbreak of swine
fever. Mr Brown has pledged to keep the British pig industry under tight control
in a bid to prevent the spread of swine fever and persuade the EU to lift its
export ban.

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Century Newspapers Limited


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Rural investment gets a boost

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 623 words

ABSTRACT

The fund will be managed by Capitol Peak Asset Management and the Agriculture
Department will help find projects for it.

FULL TEXT

Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council announced plans on Thursday to start a $10 billion
investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the opportunity
to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater systems, energy
projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

''We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment,'' the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

''We're going to be a connector,'' he added. ''This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.''

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank committed $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs.

Faced with what he described as ''extraordinary'' demand from local communities
in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted the help of Matthew
McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way to attract Wall
Street and large institutional investors. Through the process, Mr. McKenna
discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in making
investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One area where investment is needed is in California, Mr.
Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record.

''There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for water,'' he
added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pensions funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts - including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation - that combine crops and land into an asset class for
ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack announced the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials convened for the White House's Rural Opportunity Investment
Conference. Also scheduled to speak at the event were Treasury Secretary Jacob
J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock, the world's largest asset
manager.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             June 4, 2016 Saturday

Budget 2016-2017

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 93

LENGTH: 1034  words


Under pressure from an underperforming economy, Finance Minister Ishaq Dar
presented a budget that shows that the economy and government both remain
fragile. In sum, one could say that it appeared that a government struggling to
achieve financial stability was forced to provide relief to a struggling
economy. It must be said that Dar accomplished the task of presenting perhaps
his most difficult budget yet with much bravado. His ability to put a positive
spin on the government's failings can provide much-needed optimism to the
economy.

A day earlier, the Economic Survey of Pakistan confirmed that two critical
sectors, agriculture and exports, had shrunk during the last year. Dar used this
as an opportunity to explain why the government missed its growth target for
2015-16 and blamed it on externalities such as international commodity prices.
But if international commodity prices were to blame, the measures for the
agriculture and export sectors announced by Dar would make little sense. This is
not to say there are no positives in Dar's story. Controlling inflation to just
under 3 percent, a 60 percent increase in tax collection and a reduction of the
budget deficit to 4.3 percent are definite successes which have come as a result
of the stringent conditions imposed by the IMF bailout programme. The
traditional problem with budgets dictated by the IMF has been a decrease in
state spending on development projects and welfare initiatives. Somehow, Dar's
ministry has been able to conjure a way to balance a reduction in budget deficit
with increased spending on development and welfare. This has been made possible
by the government reaching its high taxation targets for the year, but not
without controversy. Both the imposition of needless withholding taxes and
spending only around 60 percent of last year's development budget explain the
government's ability to stay within the budget deficit set by the IMF. Money
pledged in the federal budget tends not to make its way to intended recipients.
This year, again, it is hard to understand how the government will meet its
newly set 3.8 percent budget deficit target after announcing a budget full of
tax exemptions and subsidies.

The two sectors whose performance suffered last year have been rewarded with
incentives. Exporters have been promised a zero percent sales tax while the
agricultural sector has received a mix of credit support and subsidies to allow
it to come out of the ongoing slump. The list of agricultural support policies
was so long that Dar found the time to cheekily ask the opposition to join in
the cheers. Notable amongst these were Rs40 billion in cash support, a Rs20
billion subsidy on key inputs and a subsidy on off-peak electricity tariffs to
the tune of Rs3 per unit. Both have been long-standing demands of the country's
farmers who have sought subsidies and protested against high electricity
tariffs. Dar even called it the 'day of the farmer' and congratulated the
country's farmers. This seemed a bit like rubbing salt into the wounds of the
country's farmers after a poor year for agriculture but it was in tune with
Dar's ability to spin hope out of despair. The incentives offered to agriculture
in the new budget were there only because the sector failed so poorly. This is
exactly why subsidies, cash handouts, easy credit and tariff reductions are the
only things on offer. None of these improve the inefficiencies in the
agricultural system in the country. The same can be said for the zero-rating of
the export sector. The reality is that both sectors have failed to adjust to a
competitive global environment and the government has responded by doing the
simplest thing it could: absolve itself of steering either sector in a new
direction.

Having run through the Rs74 billion for water, Rs380 billion for energy and
Rs188 billion for transport projects, Dar raised the prospect of $40 billion in
the CPEC investment next year. None of the money seemed to have been factored
for in the budget, which seems strange. Dar spoke of funds for the
Lahore-Karachi Motorway and a number of infrastructure projects linking Gwadar
but the big question that the SBP governor asked last year of how the promised
Chinese investment would flow into Pakistan still remains unanswered. Shouldn't
some of it flow through the government of Pakistan? Either way, if the $40
billion is to flow in within the year, then it is almost equal to Pakistan's
entire Rs4.4 trillion budget; and its impact will need to be planned for. Dar
gave no evidence of any planning on the part of the government, apart for
pledges of more road-building. This could be considered at least mildly
worrying. Amongst the other significant figures was an 11 percent increase in
the defence budget - from Rs776 billion to Rs860 billion - within the year. The
taxation target for the next year has been increased by 16 percent and now
stands at Rs3,621 billion. This will be fulfilled by increased taxes on non-tax
filers and adding new items to the tax bracket. Like last year, the government
avoided controversy by increasing the wages of government employees by 10
percent and upping the minimum wage to Rs14,000 per month. Missing from the
conversation altogether was the issue of climate change, despite Pakistan being
one of the worst sufferers of climate disasters over the last decade and a half.
Despite the many attempts at papering over the cracks in the economic structure
of the country, Dar ended his budget speech with an invitation to all opposition
parties to discuss and agree to a collective charter for the economy. While it
may seem to be an open and positive request, this could also become a way of
Pakistan becoming committed to the IMF's agenda for the country by democratic
consensus. Already, Dar confirmed that a finance bill amendment limiting budget
deficits to under 4 percent would be presented. This sounds like a commitment
made to the IMF. The budget for the coming year will be another tricky one.
Subsidies and tax exemptions have been given and new taxes will be collected
without addressing the structural problems in the Pakistani economy. One hopes
the government can deliver on its promises.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Utah gets money to fight wildfires and help a stream

BYLINE: Amy Joi O'Donoghue Deseret News

LENGTH: 691 words


By Amy Joi      O'Donoghue

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - The state's efforts to fight catastrophic wildfires and a
collaborative partnership to improve a northern Utah stream and irrigation
practice has received a nearly $3 million infusion from the federal government.

The money for the two projects - selected from more than 600 initial
applications - is part of $370 million being made available through the Regional
Conservation Partnership Program.

This year's "high-impact" projects in Utah will accomplish diverse agricultural
and natural resource goals, from statewide wildfire suppression to stream
restoration and irrigation efficiency along the Bear River that benefit
sensitive wildlife species.

The projects are part of the new Farm Bill and will engage hundreds of partners
from communities, conservation districts, agribusiness, nongovernmental
organizations, for- and nonprofit organizations, state and federal agencies, and
tribal governments. In addition to the U.S. Department of Agriculture funds,
partners will contribute an estimated $400 million, more than doubling the
agency's investment.

"RCPP puts our partners in the driver's seat," said Dave Brown, USDA'S Natural
Resources Conservation Service state conservationist in Utah. "Projects are led
locally, and demonstrate the value of strong public-private partnerships that
deliver solutions to tough natural resource challenges." Each project has a lead
partner that coordinates implementation of the best management practices.

In Utah, the two projects and partners that were selected and funded are:

* Catastrophic Wildfire Reduction Strategy - $1.7 million. This is a statewide,
locally led initiative aimed at reducing the size, intensity and frequency of
catastrophic wildfires in the state in conjunction with the Utah Division of
Forestry, Fire and State Lands.

Regional working groups identify priority areas based on a risk assessment and
then select activities to mitigate against wildfires. Local land owners may be
approached to plant fuel breaks, restore riparian areas and alter grazing
practices. The effort is in support of the National Cohesive Wildfire Management
Strategy and Gov. Gary Herbert's Catastrophic Wildfire Reduction Strategy
Initiative.

* Upper Bear River Stream Restoration and Irrigation Efficiency - $1.2 million.
Trout Unlimited will lead a collaborative partnership of 14 organizations that
will continue and expand on the conservation work on the East Fork and Upper
Bear River in Utah and Wyoming. The intent of the project is to improve
irrigation water management and efficiency, fish passage, and stream flows to
benefit native fishes and other aquatic and riparian-dependent species as the
primary resource concerns.

Natural Resources Conservation Service officials say the project will focus on
five irrigation diversions and canals, including the installation of improved
irrigation diversion structures with fish screening capabilities and pipelines
to replace open canals.

"We're excited that the NRCS decided to fund this project as one of their first
grants under this new program," says Jim DeRito, Bear River Program director for
Trout Unlimited. "This project aligns perfectly with the program's goals and
delivers real benefits both to local ranchers and to the river itself, restoring
critical habitat for native trout and other species that depend on healthy
stream flows and connected habitats to survive."

DeRito said Trout Unlimited has been working throughout the Bear River watershed
with ranchers and farmers to improve their irrigation infrastructure while
benefiting Bonneville cutthroat trout for about 10 years.

He added that the funding boost will help cement the good work and collaboration
that is beginning to unfold in the drainage.

"This project proves that win/win solutions remain possible even when it comes
to something as contentious as water," DeRito said. "The NRCS and many other
project supporters have made it possible to put in place a project that improves
irrigation systems and dramatically improves habitat for native cutthroat trout
at the same time."

Email: amyjoi@deseretnews.com

Twitter: amyjoi16

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 11, 2009 Tuesday

Farmers like water program: Federal project funds will help them increase
quality of Gilsizer Slough

BYLINE: Howard Yune, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 570 words


Aug. 11--For some Sutter County farmers, a pot of federal money to improve water
quality will stay open until this weekend.

Shares in a $1.15 million fund await the winning applicants in a program to
protect the waters of the Gilsizer Slough, a Feather River tributary west of
Yuba City under threat from pesticide runoff. The deadline to apply for grants
is Friday.

"I think it's a good thing -- it helps us out and it helps out the environment
too," Brad Foster, a prune and walnut grower who applied to join the water
quality program, said Monday.

The federal money is the county's share in the Agricultural Water Enhancement
Program, which the U.S. Department of Agriculture launched earlier this year.
Sixty-three water protection plans will share in the federal program's $58
million budget, with the USDA's Yuba City branch of the Natural Resources
Conservation Service reviewing local applications.

Insecticides -- particularly diazinon -- are the main water-quality concern in
the 25,000-acre slough area, according to Ryan Bonea, executive director of the
Sutter County Resource Conservation District. The Environmental Protection
Agency has labeled Gilsizer an "impaired" waterway because of high levels of
diazinon, which remains legal for agriculture but which the EPA outlawed for
household sales five years ago.

Irrigation and planting experiments funded through the program aim to limit
leakage of contaminants into the slough -- whether by reducing water flow in the
area's prune and nut orchards or by creating buffers of plants to soak up runoff
before it can escape the fields. Farm owners in other projects will create
filter strips at the edge of orchards or adopt pest-management plans to limit
pesticide and fertilizer use, especially before rainstorms.

So-called microjet irrigation systems will be a major focus of the program. The
networks of pipes and sprinklers are designed to sustain orchards using far less
water than the traditional method of flooding groves, cutting evaporation losses
as well as runoff.

"We're still learning, but it's already cut out a lot of work," said Foster, who
hopes to win funds for piped irrigation after a relative made the change last
year on another orchard near Gilsizer Slough. "Now we go once a week, push a
button and do it on cheaper off-peak power, and we can water 50 acres in six or
seven hours. It's really cut back on manpower and we're using quite a bit less
water."

Sharing the expense of such improvements may overcome the cost concerns of
uncommitted farmers, according to John Amarel, a prune farmer who has taken part
in other water projects with the conservation service.

"The support is there, because the programs help us comply with the standards,"
he said last week. "In order to do that you find technology's the answer, but
it's expensive. But the popularity is growing every year because people go
through it, then tell their neighbors."

Contact Appeal reporter Howard Yune at 749-4708 or hyune@appealdemocrat.com

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090811-MY-Farmers-like-water-program-0811

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2009 Appeal-Democrat


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

Munda tells banks to step up financial inclusion campaign

SECTION: RANCHI

LENGTH: 465 words


<p>

RANCHI : In a bid to remove bottlenecks that prevent common man from seeking
credit from banks, the state government will undertake some corrective measures,
said chief minister Arjun Munda while addressing the 36th State-Level Bankers'
committee (SLBC) meet here on Wednesday.<br />

<br />

Munda said the government will bring a proposal to increase the limit of stamp
duty from loans of Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh in the next meeting of council of
ministers.<br />

<br />

Till date, bank customers seeking a loan up to Rs 3 lakh were not needed to pay
stamp duty. But there is a demand to increase the limit by banks also to
encourage borrowers. Munda said, "To tame fraudulent transactions, the state
government will adopt Bihar Money Laundering Prevention Act or some provisions
of the Act after discussion in the cabinet."<br />

<br />

The CM announced yet another proposal of digitizing the land records and linking
it with global positioning system (GPS) so that verification of land titles is
possible through office records making the process of sanction of loans easier
than before.<br />

<br />

Agreeing to take necessary steps for promoting credit flow in the state, Munda
called upon the banks to improve their performance, especially in terms of
opening new branches and giving impetus to financial inclusion drive.
Acknowledging increase in CD ratio over previous year's performance, he asked
the banks to achieve a national benchmark of 60%.<br />

<br />

The meeting was chaired by Allahabad Bank executive director D Sarkar, who
expressed concern over the achievements of bank in annual credit plan. He said
as against a target of 4.5 Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) to be distributed to the
farmers by the end of current financial year, only 3.42lakh cards were
distributed by September.<br />

<br />

Development commissioner Devashish Gupta said standard statistics related to
agriculture will be made available by February 2012 so that credit flow and its
correlation with the agriculture development can be assessed.<br />

<br />

Different commercial banks, including Punjab National Bank, Oriental Bank of
Commerce, Dena Bank, United Bank, Syndicate Bank and Andhra Bank, were pulled up
for their poor performance in carrying out financial inclusion drive.<br />

<br />

Sarkar asked the banks to strictly abide by the guidelines issued by the
department of financial service in carrying out the drive. The SLBC also called
upon the leading district banks to take up their role strongly wherever regional
rural banks have failed in performing up to the mark. During the meet, it was
also decided that the sub committee and state committee will hold a joint
meeting and ensure conducting meeting on four or five agendas.</p>

<meta name="cmsei" content="cms.next"/>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Weekend Australian

              November 15, 2003 Saturday All-round Country Edition

Boost for Murray aimed at key sites

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Alison Crosweller

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 491 words


WATER will begin being pumped back into the ailing Murray River from the middle
of next year, with an emphasis on improving the environmental health of six key
sites along its course.

But the move, which will boost annual flows by 500gigalitres, has been
criticised by environmental groups, which say the increase is only one-third of
that recommended by scientific reports for tackling the impact of salinity and
farming along the Murray.

Australian Conservation Foundation executive director Don Henry welcomed the
first step towards restoring the river's health. But he urged Prime Minister
John Howard and the state premiers to commit more funds and a further
1000gigalitres of water for the river at next year's Council of Australian
Governments meeting.

Mr Henry said that 1500 gigalitres, the figure that the Wentworth Group of
Concerned Scientists said was needed to save the Murray, was a little bit less
than 2 per cent of the volume of water taken out of the river each year.

"The expenditure of this money is good but let's not fool ourselves: the science
is clearly saying it is only about a third of what is needed," Mr Henry said.

Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss, announcing the move yesterday after a
meeting of the Murray-Darling Basin Ministerial Council in Melbourne, said the
council had agreed to concentrate the flows on key areas.

"There's an agreement that we'll concentrate on improving key icon sites, rather
that just have indiscriminate flows of water down the river, which may, in fact,
not achieve anything," he said.

The water will be targeted to improve the health of the Barmah-Millewa Forest,
the Gunbower and Perricoota-Koondrook forests, the Hattah Lakes, the Chowilla
floodplain, the Murray mouth and Coorong area, and the river's channel.

Mr Truss said it could be up to five years before the extra 500gigalitres was
flowing in the Murray -- an amount equal to the volume of water in Sydney
Harbour.

Victorian Environment Minister John Thwaites said the guiding of water into
specific sites would benefit the river as a whole and help towns along the
Murray become tourist attractions again.

South Australian Environment Minister John Hill said people had been taking
water out of the Murray for more than 100 years and this was the first time any
would be put back in.

"What we've got to do is manage the river in a sustainable way so that we can
continue making money out of it ... and at the same time give some sort of life
back to the system so that the birds, the animals, the trees can live," Mr Hill
said.

Mr Truss said $500million would be allocated to resource the river, and from
that there would be some purchases of water from stakeholders.

The priority would be "on delivering these savings through a combination of
engineering works, better management of river flows and achieving, through
voluntary measures, a range of efficiency schemes".

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       Basin Republican Rustler (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

BHC Predator board sets budget, expects shortfall

BYLINE: BRENDA TENBOER

LENGTH: 642  words


Members of the Big Horn County Predator Management Board met Feb. 22 in Greybull
and finalized figures for the 2010-2011 fiscal year. The budget will be
submitted to the Wyoming Animal Damage Management Board, along with a grant
request of $219,000.

The same amount, $219,000 was requested last year, but ADMB granted only
$124,000 of the request, presumably because the county predator management board
held $346,000 in cash reserves.

The total operating expenses for 2009-2010 hit $364,145 and the program received
only $47,000 in additional funds and saw a $97,972 shortage.

The $47,000 in additional operating funds came from the Animal and Plant Health
Inspection Service (APHIS), a branch of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The total operating budget for 2010-2011 is projected to be $321,198, which is
down from 2009-2010. The total budget includes $234,000 in salaries and wages.
Jim Pehringer of Wildlife Services oversees trappers contracted to work in this
county.

Secretary/treasurer Greg

Flitner explained the operating budget is down roughly $43,000 because 50 live
traps were purchased last year and one less trapper is contracted for services
this year.

Chairman Fred Barnett said, "If the state is waiting for us to be broke before
they give us more money, they don't have to wait long at the rate we're going."

The program is expected to use another $100,000 of its cash reserves for
predator control across the county this year.

According to a letter dated Feb. 9, from ADMB coordinator Kent Drake, if the
Legislature approves the proposed budget, there should be approximately $2.4
million for this fiscal year.

"This compares to the last bi-ennium when $2.7 million was granted the first
year and, with the governor's requested 10 percent cut, $2.1 million was granted
in the last year," Drake stated.

Traditionally, the BHC predator management board received almost $2,200 in
rabies funding, but due to budget cuts those funds are not available this year.

Barnett said that given the dwindling cash flow the board needs to figure out
how to do more with fewer man-hours

"Funds are going down, we need to think about now to make this program more
effective and still do what we need to do," Barnett said.

For example, keeping in mind the three-day trap check requirements required
under state law and Wyoming Game and Fish Department guidelines and taking
weekends and holidays into consideration, the trappers have 137 days or 37
percent of the year off. There may be some way to stagger work hours, Barnett
suggested but also conceded that government contracts call for 40-hour work
weeks.

"We need to go at this as good that dirt cover was in short J-supply at the
landfills

The center will pay the town for aluminum cans annually, Kania said.

Mayor Phil Juillard said there was not much money to be gained from recycling
Cpaper and other products. Kania said the main purpose of the recycling program
is not to receive funds for the material but to eliminate the material ifrom
going to the landfill, thus cutting some costs to the town.

The BCR also spoke to Big Horn County Fair Manager Howard Gernant, who Kania
said agreed to allow the trailer to be placed on the north end of the
fairgrounds on Fourth Street. Wendy said they would like the town to place a
Dumpster at the site to help keep the area clean. She said they will be talking
to the Paintrock FFA chapter to discuss keeping the area clean as a community
project.

Lynn Davies, director of Big Horn Adolescent Program, who was in attendance for
another agenda item, said the group home children are always looking for
community service projects and they would be happy to help clean up the area.
She said they nave offered other groups looking at recycling that they would
pick up recycling items once a month from homebound residents who are unable to
take material to the trailer.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2010 Basin Republican Rustler


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            December 1, 1991 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

BANKS CONTRIBUTE TO HOPELESSNESS: REPORT

SECTION: REAL AUSTRALIA; Pg. 105

LENGTH: 318 words


BANKS are giving misleading information to farmers and unnecessarily forcing
them off their land, according to a new NSW Agriculture Department report on the
rural crisis.

The report, completed by Dubbo based Regional Group Advisory Officer Geoff Warr,
said 57 per cent of callers to the department's Farm Help Hotline needed urgent
financial help.

"They're ringing up saying 'Where can we go for groceries, we haven't got any
money'. They just haven't any cash flow at all," Mr Warr said.

His report, analysing the 300 odd callers to the help line, said: "Banks had
contributed to a sense of hopelessness by refusing carry-on finance, giving in
some cases misleading information, or forcing clients to sell their properties."

Mr Warr said many farmers had little idea where they are financially and are
surprised when the bank forecloses on them.

He emphasised though that financial ignorance by the farmers was partly their
own fault with sympathetic loan managers often extending finances where it
wasn't justified.

"Most farmers don't even know how to complete a cash flow model," he said.

He described as "pretty optimistic" Primary Resources Department estimates that
average broadacre farm incomes this year would be minus $18,000 and next year
minus $30,000.

"We've got figures that in two areas, Walgett and Cobar, the average farmer will
lose between $50,000 and $70,000 this year," he said.

Areas where most callers have come from were Dubbo and Mudgee closely followed
by Molong, Forbes, Condobolin and Nyngan with all types of crop farmers and
graziers in similar financial trouble.

Mr Warr said the State's 15 odd farm advisers were for many farmers appointed
two years too late.

"A lot of borderline people might be better off if they had been given help then
instead of now," Mr Warr said.

The 008 047 740 Farm Help Hotline established in August originally for two weeks
has now been extended until Christmas.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                   (DealBook)

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Cash Crops With Dividends: Financiers Transforming Strawberries Into Securities

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1224 words



HIGHLIGHT: With its steady income stream, farmland is proving to be a ripe
offering for sophisticated investors.


His boots were caked with mud when Thomas S. T. Gimbel, a longtime hedge fund
executive, slipped in a strawberry patch. It was the plumpness of a strawberry
that had distracted him.

Mr. Gimbel, who once headed the hedge fund division of Credit Suisse, now spends
more time discussing crop yields than stock or bond yields.

He is the man on the ground for a group of investors - including New York's
biggest real estate dynasty, two Florida sugar barons and the founder of a
multibillion-dollar investment firm - who have been buying up farms across the
United States through a real estate investment trust called the American
Farmland Company.

Hedge funds are not new to farmland. For nearly a decade they have scoured the
corners of the globe for cheap land as food prices have soared, positioning
themselves to profit from the growing demand. Hedge funds now have $14 billion
invested in farmland, according to the data provider Preqin.

But in the latest twist, a small but growing group of sophisticated investors
and bankers are combining crops and the soil they grow in into an asset class
that ordinary investors can buy a piece of.

Farmland Partners and the Gladstone Land Corporation, two real estate investment
trusts that also own and lease farmland, are already trading on the Nasdaq stock
exchange.

For now, American Farmland is a private company, and its founder, D. Dixon
Boardman, is pitching the vision to Wall Street. Corn, cotton, lemons, walnuts,
avocados: If it grows in the ground and has an attractive income stream, he is
peddling it.

"It's like gold, but better, because there is this cash flow," Mr. Boardman
said. The income stream comes from the rent farmers pay American Farmland and
also often includes a share of the revenue from the crops. The company buys
farms with permanent crops like almonds and avocados and row crops like cotton
and corn.

Down the line, if American Farmland follows the same path as Farmland Partners
and Gladstone Land and lists on a public exchange, Mr. Boardman will have
another audience to pitch his vision to: ordinary investors.

American Farmland has spent $131 million on 16 farms and more than 11,000 acres
of tillable land - the equivalent of 13 Central Parks. It's a small start, but
Mr. Boardman, Mr. Gimbel and their partners have large ambitions.

They are competing with investors that have huge war chests. Alaska's state
pension fund, for example, had $485.9 million invested in farmland in 2013. The
world's biggest asset manager, BlackRock, has $180 million of its clients' money
in an agricultural fund, according to Preqin.

The latest wave of interest was generated by the 2008 financial crisis. As
global food prices soared and opportunities to buy land abounded, investors like
BlackRock, Whitebox Advisors, Ospraie Management and George Soros's hedge fund,
Soros Fund Management, offered their clients ways to invest in the heartland.
Investors were wary of the exotic sliced-and-diced securities that had
contributed to the crisis, and farmland seemed more tangible.

"It was a major inflection point," said Philippe de Lapérouse, managing director
for the agriculture consulting firm HighQuest Partners. "At that time, investors
were looking at farmland as an attractive asset to hold."

Many individual investors were soon presented with a different challenge:
Farmland can be difficult to sell quickly. Some hedge funds stopped offering
agriculture investments. But the flow of money from some of the country's
largest pension funds has remained steady.

Wall Street's foray into farmland may present its own challenges. Shares in
Farmland Partners and Gladstone Land have been volatile, indicating investor
uncertainty. "It's a question of whether it is really in the long term something
that's going to appeal to investors," Mr. de Lapérouse said.

Mr. Boardman and his partners - among them Harrison T. LeFrak, of the LeFrak
real estate empire in New York; Alfonso and Pepe Fanjul, the Cuban-American
owners of a sugar conglomerate; and William von Mueffling, the founder of
Cantillon Asset Management - think it will.

Mr. Gimbel said, "It's unlike any other asset class."

American Farmland teamed up with Prudential's agricultural investment arm,
Capital Agricultural Property Services, which runs a farm management and real
estate brokerage business. The unit provides loans to farmers and manages
farmland, giving American Farmland access to information in an often opaque real
estate market.

"I was not about to put on my Wellington boots with my pinstriped suit," Mr.
Boardman said.

American Farmland and other Wall Street firms could soon crowd the heartland.

"I probably have a call from an interested party once a day, someone who has
never invested in farmland," said T. Marc Schober, a partner at Colvin &
Company, which connects buyers and sellers of farmland.

Todd H. Kuethe, an assistant professor of land economics at the University of
Illinois, said that at agriculture conferences, which were once the domain of
farmers and industry insiders, a majority of participants are now institutional
investors, venture capitalists and hedge fund managers.

"The share of bank and financial representatives who really want to know what is
going on is now surpassing farmers," Mr. Kuethe said. "I think there are more
folks sitting around with money to buy than there is farmland."

The few metrics that exist have helped lure many. National net farm income,
considered a bellwether, is forecast to hit a record high of $130.5 billion for
2013, according to the Economic Research Service of the Department of
Agriculture. The figure for 2014 is expected to soften to about $95.8 billion.

The value of farmland in the United States has appreciated on average by 8.4
percent over the last year and 4.7 percent annually since 1990, according to an
index from the National Council of Real Estate Investment Fiduciaries. Taking
into consideration the income generated by crops, the total average return was
17.4 percent over the last year and 11.9 percent annually since 1990.

But not everyone thinks farmland values will continue to rise endlessly.

"You can certainly overpay for farmland, and if crop prices declined for
whatever reason - for example because of some type of natural disaster - there
are all sorts of reasons why, all of a sudden, the income stream does not
support the price you paid for a piece of land," said Jeffrey R. Havsy, director
of research for the council.

And as the financial world's interest in farmland grows, some observers have
raised concerns about the new landowners' switching to crops that pay better but
that work the soil too hard and use up precious resources like water. In
California, for example, a recent move toward nut trees has put pressure on
already constrained water resources during a severe drought.

These concerns are likely to increase as more farmland changes hands from
farmers to corporations.

But to Mr. de Lapérouse, whose HighQuest Partners started Global AgInvesting, a
series of conferences that take place in Dubai, London, New York and Singapore,
the current level of interest is just the beginning.

"Less than 1 percent of global farmland is owned by institutional investors,"
Mr. de Lapérouse said. "So even if you quintupled that, it would be a major sea
change, but it's still only a little territory."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Addis Fortune

                               December 04, 2013

Food Subsidies Could Stall WTO Deal

LENGTH: 542 words


Ethiopia sees itself joining the WTO in 2015, and the proposed deal this week,
known as the "Bali Package" is crucial to least developed countries such as
Ethiopia, for it is to agree on agricultural subsidies, trade facilitation and
support to least developed countries. A disagreement from one single country
could stall a consensus among the 159 member countries. India, in particular, is
seen as a major force that could halt talks at the multilateral trade talk
platform this week, due to its strong position against banning agricultural
subsidies to its farmers.

Some of its citizens were vocal inside the Nusa Dua Conference facility this
morning, protesting the ongoing meeting and demanding it to stop the talks.

"USA; Hands Off Our Food!" decried one of their placards.

But it is delegates from the least developed countries who are opposed to
agricultural subsidies. In fact, the United States (100 billion dollars), the
European Union (80 billion euro) and India are major countries blamed for such
subsidies deemed to have distorted exports of primary goods from poor countries.

Yet, most delegates from developing economies and least developed countries are
fearful of a draft agreement on trade facilitation. A deal, if reached, would
force them to lift entry barriers to trade. Praised by its proponents for its
potential to add an estimated one trillion dollars to the world economy, trade
facilitation allows the free flow of good and merchandises among member
countries, with countries required to change their systems that impede free flow
of trade.

"It is about reforms," said Yonov Frederick Agah, deputy director of the WTO,
speaking to journalists here in Bali. "And reform, in any circumstances, is
always controversial. There are countries that want to do certain things, but
they want to do it in their own sequence, time and money."

Time and money is indeed what countries such as Ethiopia, which is one of the 25
countries still in the accession process, lack in their bid to join an
organisation that was formed in 1995, and is created to treat the rich and the
powerful equal to the poor and the weak. The weak are however in a constant look
out for support in the form of enhanced capacity to negotiate better deals.

The European Union (EU) claims the moral high ground in its support to least
developed countries.

"We are already the biggest donor in respect to aid for trade and trade
facilitation," Karel de Gucht, EU Trade Commissioner, said in an exclusive
interview with Indonesia's daily, The Jakarta Post. "We are going to continue
this and we have earmarked 400 million euro for that purpose, for five years."

It is not clear if part of this money goes to a newly established funding
facility under Enhanced Integration Framework (EIF), which is chaired by
Ethiopia's Ambassador to Switzerland, Menelik Alemu. In addition to helping
Ethiopian trade negotiators enhance their skills in trade talks, with an outlay
that may eventually grow to three million dollars, close to 300,000 dollars is
immediately available to finance programmes that support small scale farmers and
those active in the hospitality industry, Geremew Ayalew, chair of a national
technical committee for WTO at the Ministry of Trade (MoT), told Fortune.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

EU crisis package for Welsh dairy farmers

BYLINE: Rachael Misstear

SECTION: COUNTRY AND FARMING;FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 613 words


Dairy farmers in Wales are to collect a one-off crisis payment from Brussels
averaging £1,800 each.

The cash is from a £26.2m aid package allocated to the UK by the EC earlier this
month.

As expected, England will get the lion's share, at £15.5m, with Northern Ireland
receiving £5.1m, Wales £3.2m and Scotland £2.3m.

Deputy farming minister Rebecca Evans said payments in Wales will be based on
how much milk farmers produced in 2014-15.

This will give an average payment of £1,800 per farm.

The support is in recognition of the prolonged period of low milk price received
by dairy farmers.

Mrs Evans said the Welsh Government is aiming to deliver the cash as soon as
possible.

"This has clearly been a period of significant financial difficulty for our
dairy farmers and I am therefore pleased to announce this additional support
from the EU.

"We hope to make this payment quickly and I hope it will offer some help with
cash flow."

She said the support is in recognition of the important role the dairy sector
plays and its importance to the Welsh economy.

"We are determined to work with all parts of the industry to deliver on the
vision we share of a modern, professional, sustainable and profitable
agriculture industry in Wales.

"We have been working hard with counterparts across the UK to secure this boost
for our farmers and are also working with the Commission to look at ways of
bringing greater fairness and transparency to the supply chain.

"I would also like to see further action taken at EU level to help open new
markets for our producers and consider how we increase exports from Wales and
from Europe.

"I also believe we need to kick-start a significant programme of work across the
EU to support all of our farmers, including the red meat sector, to help the
industry move forward."

Hybu Cig Cymru - Meat Promotion Wales - began an enhanced campaign for the
promotion of Welsh lamb earlier than usual this year in recognition of the
particularly diffi-cult market conditions for lamb producers.

Last year, the Deputy Minister commissioned a Review of the Dairy Sector in
Wales which provides a strategic direction for the dairy sector across the whole
supply chain, offering recommendations that Welsh Government and the industry
can put in place to deliver resilience, economic growth and the creation of
additional jobs within the Welsh industry. Work is underway to implement the
recommendations of that review.

NFU Cymru said the Welsh allocation was a welcome cash boost for the country's
hard-pressed dairy sector. But it said more action was needed to make a
long-term difference. While AHDB figures showed that average UK milk prices had
fallen 25% in the last year, many farmers had seen their milk price halve in
that time, said NFU Cymru Milk Board chairman Aled Jones He added: "Given the
serious cash flow crisis on Welsh dairy farms it is important now that this EU
money is distributed as quickly as possible.

"Whilst this support will provide some short-term relief it does not alter the
fact that farmgate milk price remains well below the cost of production, with
farmers losing signifi-cant money on every litre of milk they produce.

"We will continue to urge government, processors and retailers to work with
farmers for more fair and transparent contracts, stronger producer groups and
the development of a futures market."

NFU Cymru president Stephen James said all other sectors of Welsh agriculture
were also suffering cash flow problems.

"This is why we have asked our deputy minister to make use of the flexibility
offered by the EU, in terms of delivery of BPS and Rural Development funds, to
support all Welsh farmers at this difficult time," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Welsh dairy farmers will receive a one-off payment from the EU to
alleviate the effects of a long period of low milk prices <B

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                                October 28, 2010
                                 First Edition

Challenge debt a State burden

SECTION: CTY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 483  words


WA-owned Challenge Dairy is running out of money and dragging the State's
industry down with it.

Challenge said it is struggling to pay its producers, leaving South-West dairy
farmers out in the cold and chasing income owed.

In 2009, the company recorded a loss of nearly $14 million, with cash-strapped
farmers still waiting to receive the full balance for last month's milk
supplies.

Challenge chairman Larry Brennen said there were cash flow issues, but the
co-operative was working to resolve the situation.

Cash flow is all it is, he said.

We are communicating with farmers and are aware of the sensitive issues that
they have to deal with.

Last year, Challenge said it bought 120 million litres of milk, a third of WA's
output, with exports planned for Asia.

WA dairy identity Tony Pratico said something must be done now to prevent
further losses in the industry and he urged Agriculture Minister Terry Redman to
get involved.

At one stage one processor in the WA dairy industry has to leave, Mr Pratico
said.

If Challenge wasn't in the mix right now, all dairy farmers in WA would be
receiving 40c per litre for their milk. Instead, we have a third of our dairy
farmers only receiving 24c per litre.

We are now facing the threat of summer milk prices getting as low as 30c per
litre instead of the 50c that should be paid.

The entire WA dairy industry will burn this summer.

At some stage Mr Redman must decide how big or small he wants the WA dairy
industry to end up.

If he wants it to disappear, then he should continue to sit on his hands.

Mr Pratico said that a pricing committee was needed to establish a sustainable
minimum price for WA milk at the farm gate and WA's entire milk supply needed to
be better managed.

He said WA dairy farms were producing an average 900,000 litres of milk per
annum at deregulation  10 years on WA dairy farms produce more than two million
litres of milk per annum due to increased farm and cow productivity, but
profitability has not improved.

The WA processing sector has gone from sharing 400 million litres of milk
between three processors to sharing 330 million litres between four processors.

Somebody has to be accountable for what's going wrong in the WA milk industry,
Mr Pratico said.

The Minister has to decide what size dairy industry is needed for WA and sit
down to progress that with us. Mr Redman said that he had met several industry
players, including Challenge Dairy, and he was aware the company was facing some
difficulties.

There are a number of factors that determine milk prices in WA and a range of
different views on how the industry should be managed, Mr Redman said recently.

The Department of Agriculture and Food is having ongoing discussions with the
four major processors on the way forward for the industry in WA.

These discussions centre around improving co-ordination in the industry to
improve supply-chain efficiency.

Cartoon, page 20

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                              May 26, 2009 Tuesday

Dairy farmers 'to lose  19k each' this year

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 322 words


The IFA National Dairy Committee held a protest at the offices of the European
Commission to highlight what it described as the severity of the current income
crisis on Irish dairy family farms, and the critical need for urgent action. The
protest coincided with a meeting in Brussels of the EU Agriculture Council at
which the EU-wide dairy crisis is to be discussed.

Chairman Richard Kennedy said: "We want the Irish Government and the European
Commission to fully realise just how severe the hardship is which dairy farm
families are facing at the moment."

"Low milk prices, high production costs, bad weather and scarce credit have
created an unprecedented income and cash flow crisis on Irish dairy farms. While
current milk prices are around 20c/l, production costs are 7c/l above that, so
that the average dairy farm family will end 2009 not only with no income, but
19,000 in the red," he said.

"In our seasonal production system, dairy farmers generate the bulk of their
incomes during the months of March to July. Already, farmers have received their
first two cheques for these critical months, and many have found bills instead
of money in those two envelopes," he added.

And Mr Kennedy said: "Wet weather has forced many to bring cows back indoors,
scrambling to feed them with scarce and expensive silage. For many dairy farm
families, coping with household bills is a major challenge," he said.

"20,000 farm families and another 9,000 processing jobs depend on a thriving
dairy sector, and at the moment, this sector is in an unprecedented income and
cash flow crisis which, without determined action by our Government and the EU,
could damage it irreparably," he added.

Mr Kennedy said Minister for Agriculture Brendan Smith must demand that the
fullest use be made of currently available market supports. Butter refunds must
be increased, to kick-start trade and remove meaningful quantities of butter
from the EU market.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 12, 1991 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

DAMNATION COMES TO THE DARLING

BYLINE: ASA WAHLQUIST

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1520 words


SIX years ago the mighty Darling River flowed backwards. A Tilpa farmer, Colin
Middleton, remembers the day well. "There was a fresh (water flow)coming down
and we were monitoring it past Walgett, Bre and Bourke, listening to the river
heights on the radio every day, and looking forward to this fresh because our
river had nearly stopped flowing. It didn't even get to Louth. They pumped a
hole in the river."

The river that for millions of years had flowed intermittently but inexorably
towards the sea turned not as a freak of nature but because it was pulled by
banks of pumps with metre-wide mouths to irrigate the latest boom commodity,
cotton.

The massive outbreak of blue-green algae along the river finally has focused
national attention on its management and its basin, which drains 650,000 square
kilometres of NSW and southern Queensland.

The heart of the matter is not algae and not nutrient runoff, but the stuff of
the river itself - water, and how it is managed. Water more than any other
factor defines Australian agriculture, limiting where it is practised.

Mr Peter Millington, the director of the NSW Department of Water Resources,
which is responsible for the State's water management, said the river had
suffered a massive heart attack. "The river has given us an enormous warning,
like a human being having a heart attack after years of dietary abuse. If we
don't change the diet and clean out the arteries, it will die."

To continue the analogy, the Darling River is like a trunk cut off from the
blood of its limbs. Under Water Resources policy the tributaries of the Darling
have been dammed, with the water licensed and legally committed to only those
tributaries. The river itself has been ignored.

Along the tributaries the cotton industry, which has much stronger corporate
interest than any other area of agriculture, has a massive investment. It is not
unusual for one property to have millions of dollars invested in pumps and
equipment, land levelling, levy banks, canals and huge artificial lakes to store
the water of the Darling system.

Last year it paid off for cotton growers, and the industry reaped a harvest
worth $847 million, a figure to be reckoned with in the severely depressed rural
economy.

Along the Darling itself, the riparian or riverfront farmers, have watched the
river change. Tom Russell has spent his life on the Darling. "We don't get the
freshes like we used to and I've been here a long while before any large-scale
irrigation took place," he said. "When there was rain up top, we'd get a flow
down the Darling. That sort of thing doesn't happen now."

Ted Davies, who farms at Murtee Station near Wilcannia on the Darling, believes
the irrigation expansionist policy "has blown out of all proportion as more and
more licences are given out when there hasn't been any more water".

"The river itself has been forgotten in the formula; they did all the sums and
added it all up, and they forgot the river itself," he said. "This (the algal
bloom) is nature's way of saying you got the numbers wrong."

While the rest of Australia has placed the environmental focus on rainforests,
reafforestation, salinity and water pollution off Sydney, the greatest
environmental tragedy has been building slowly along the Darling. This is the
land that has brought the nation fabulous wealth, and now feeds and clothes it.
It all relies on the river, and the river now relies on management, management
that has manifestly failed.

Mr Millington describes it as a situation "developed in ignorance" that he has
inherited. "I think if we were starting out today we would look at the whole
area above Menindee as one large river basin," he said. "We would have
environmental requirements very clearly upfront, as well as a flow requirement
for the Darling." He is instituting changes, with limitations. "I don't believe
we can go back to the irrigators who have invested millions of dollars each and
take away their livelihood."

Water in NSW is vested in the State, with the right of use transferred to
landholders through a licensing system managed by the department. The head of
licensing, Mr Andy Pike, says that under the present system applications are
assessed on the volume of water available, the amount the applicant intends to
use, the benefit to the State and the impact on the environment.

The licensing is policed by officers in the field. "At the moment under an
antiquated fee structure the cost varies according to size, ranging from $103 to
$800 for a five-year period," Mr Pike said. "Where we have regulated flow rivers
(the dammed tributaries), then we charge for the amount of water used, around
$3.50 a megalitre (about the amount of water in two Olympic swimming pools)."

Under new legislation scheduled to go before Parliament in March, the department
hopes to draw together river licences, the licensing of bores -which Mr Pike
says are now subject to very weak legislation - and earth tanks or farm dams,
and charge according to impact.

Mr Millington said the true value of water was revealed when it was traded on
the open market. "If an irrigator wanted to buy 1,000 megalitres of water it is
not uncommon to pay $100 to $200 per megalitre." Under licence conditions there
are strict limits on how much water can be pumped, and minimum water levels for
pumping.

While riparians allege there are many incidents of unprosecuted illegal pumping,
the biggest battleground is the use of surplus flows. In the language of water
resources, any rain falling downstream of a dam is called a surplus flow. To
riparian farmers these are the lamented freshes they relied on to water their
pastures and replenish their water holes.

The executive director of the Centre for Water Policy Research, Associate
Professor John Pigram, says that when these flows occur the irrigators "pump it
as fast as they can. It's opportunistic, outside their allocation, a gift from
heaven."

"The environment people say that shouldn't happen; that these flows are part of
the natural river. There is a lot to be said for that, but (we) have to work
within the economic context in which the use of the waters of our rivers has
developed. A lot of money is being invested. It is not possible or desirable
from an economic point of view to stop this activity."

Mr Millington acknowledges it is a problem. "Progressively the irrigators have
used more and more of the surplus and built large storages. We haven't put any
major controls on those." He expects to produce an interim report on a better
way to share those flows within the next two months.

The other major management problem lies along the border. Much of the Darling,
perhaps 40 per cent, flows from Queensland, but it is not party to the Murray
Darling Basin Ministerial Council, which co-ordinates overall management of the
area.

Joann Smith, a senior ranger with the National Parks and Wildlife Service in
Bourke, shares farmers' fears over planned water harvesting schemes in
Queensland.

One example, she said, was that proposed at Cubbie Station (on a major tributary
of the Darling, the Culgoa River, near St George in southern Queensland), whose
owner was reportedly planning to harvest more than double the present water
take. "It will have a huge impact on the northern floodplains, in fact most of
the floodplain won't be flooded any more. The information we keep getting is
horrific," Ms Smith said.

For NSW, which ensures the water supply of Adelaide through the Menindee Lakes,
the Hume Dam and the Snowy Mountains Scheme, Queensland's apparent lack of
consideration for this State's needs is galling. According to Ms Smith: "One of
the big problems with the Queensland water act is (that) the only people who can
object are the people 8 km downstream. In a lot of places that's only one
neighbour, and NSW never knows what goes on."

Mr Millington is more sanguine: "At this stage I have no reason to doubt that
Queensland will take a very responsible attitude to how they are licensed."

The riparians want to see pumping allowed only at a higher level and the
suspension of licences for illegal pumping. "A $10,000 fine is a joke when you
are dealing with multi-million-dollar crops," according to Mr Davies.

For environmentalists like Ms Smith the issue is: "No-one has ever considered
the health of the river as primary importance; it has always been getting water
out and growing crops. Now it has got to the stage where we have got to consider
the river and its health."

Dr Kate Short of the Total Environment Centre goes further: "It's been called a
natural disaster but it is clearly a man-made problem and until we identify the
political obstacles to change in land- and water-use management we cannot expect
the Darling River crisis to go away.

"The Department of Water Resources has been far too responsive to the needs of
the big water users and far too willing to accommodate their private interests
at the expense of both dry land farmers and the river system itself

"We must have a parliamentary select committee into the operations of the
department since its operations have been so detrimental to sustainable water
management."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map: The Darling Basin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           November 19, 2009 Thursday

'Monetary policy has a bearing on food inflation'

BYLINE: Gunjan Pradhan Sinha

LENGTH: 1044  words


Even as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is exiting its accommodative monetary
policy, economist and policy doyen C Rangarajan says that soaring food price
inflation could warrant a stricter stance from the central bank. In an interview
with P Vaidyanathan Iyer and Gunjan Pradhan Sinha, the former RBI governor and
the present chairman of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council (PMEAC)
spells out key concerns over managing the situation in the aftermath of the
global financial crisis. Excerpts:

Dr Rangarajan, what concerns are on the top of your mind, which the government
really needs to address right now?

We must see that the price rise is brought within reasonable limits in the short
term. The immediate concern is that food prices, especially that of rice, do not
rise fast. Wheat prices have not risen that sharply but rice prices have. The
fear of a lower kharif production this year has generated certain expectations
contributing to rise in prices of rice. But pulses have been an endemic problem.
The supply has fallen short of demand continuously, and we have been importing
pulses to plug the gaps. But import is also very difficult as there are very few
exporting countries for the kind of pulses we need. Whenever there is additional
scarcity it becomes more serious. Expectations have played a big part in pushing
up the prices. They have been fed by a deficient rainfall of 22 per cent and a
lower cultivation area. The cultivation area this year has also been 5.8 million
hectares less, which is about 8 per cent lower than usual. This has lead to the
expectation that shortfall in rice production could be about 13-15 million
tonnes. The EAC itself estimated shortfall at 13 million tonnes. Others say it
could still be higher. The Department of Agriculture has said that there would
also be a short reduction in coarse grain supply. Even though scarcity will
emerge later, expectations have pushed up prices.

Having said that, the only way to restore normalcy would be to perk up supply
through import....

No. Before rice procurement started in the end of September we had a stock of 47
million tonnes of food grains. Of this, the 28-29 million tonnes of wheat should
help us to tide over the crisis. What is really required is a judicious release
of food grains so that prices do not go up. This can be done through the
combined use of open market sales and public distribution system. We must also
ensure a good rabi output - higher than last year. We must also be prepared if
circumstances warrant to import certain quantities of rice.

The rise in inflation to 0.13 per cent is largely on account of food prices. So
what is the role that monetary policy should play at this point?

Well, monetary policy has an important role to play in keeping aggregate demand
at a reasonable level. Even though it may not have a direct impact on bridging
the gap between demand and supply of food grains, it can regulate money supply.
So we cannot rule out the role of monetary policy as excessive liquidity can
push up prices.

What about credit demand? It is said that the demand for credit is low and there
is not much offtake. Small and medium (SME) sector also says that its demand for
credit is not met.

Large corporates have been able to go to the market and raise funds. Companies
that have projects that are worthwhile have also managed to get credit from the
banking system. As far as the SMEs are concerned, unless the banking system is
convinced that loan demands are at sustainable levels of credit, it may not be
forthcoming. The difference is due to the difference in perception. While SMEs
feel they are not getting adequate credit, the banking system looks at a
different calculus in terms of risk and the viability. I believe that as the
economy picks up and expectations of growth gain momentum, there will be credit
flow. In a period when growth is slackening banks also take a dim view but in
the coming months there will be a pick-up.

Do you think India should take measures like those of Brazil to moderate capital
flows. Are you worried about this?

I think the time has not come as capital inflows are still moderate. At the
present moment they can be easily absorbed by the system. EAC has estimated that
the gross capital inflows could be around $57 billion this year and current
account deficit could be around $25 billion. Therefore, the net addition to
reserves could be around $20 billion. It is not a very large increase that will
cause concerns for the monetary policy.

But most investment bankers say that the way the deal flow is going and money is
flowing in there may be a time in the next three or four months when India may
have to take measures on the lines of those taken by Brazil to curb capital
flows. Please tell us your views.

Well, these are matters on which the view should be taken when it happens. At
the moment, they are at a level that they can be easily absorbed by the system.
There are a number of ways of imposing restrictions, which need not involve the
imposition of tax. Some countries have hiked cash reserve ratio to curb capital
inflows. We have also taken a variety of measures in 2007-08, which were relaxed
in 2008-09 on account of the financial crisis. Some of those could be invoked,
especially, after analysing where the money is going. If money is coming in as
foreign direct investment (FDI) it is good but if it is for financing
transactions, say, in real estate, then we might have to take a view.

When do you think would be the appropriate time for the government to withdraw
the fiscal stimulus given to the economy during the global financial crisis?

The Budget was framed with a view to let the stimulus continue for the current
fiscal. However, if the economy picks up by the next fiscal, the government
should begin reversing the process, otherwise it will be difficult to meet the
fiscal deficit targets as outlined in the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget
Management Act 2009-2010. Significant steps are required to bring down the
fiscal deficit by 1.5 per cent. The government really needs to cut down
subsidies by next year to make this possible. Crude prices have been benign this
year and no additional oil bonds have been issued but prices are expected to
move upwards next year.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Northern Miner (Australia)

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday
                             NorthernMiner Edition

Graziers slam drought package

BYLINE: John Andersen and Michael Saunders

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 535 words


CLONCURRY Shire Mayor Andrew Daniels has slammed the Abbott Government's $320
million drought relief package as ineffective and "big noting".

Cr Daniels, who heads a large-scale family beef cattle operation in northwest
Queensland and the Gulf Country, said there was little in the package for
graziers in drought-stricken Cloncurry Shire.

He said drought concessional loans totalling $280 million at 4 per cent interest
payable over five years would not work for graziers already in debt and with no
chance of returning to a positive income flow for about five years.

He said the loans were designed to return a profit back to the Government.
Cattle industry identities were also half-hearted about the value of loans when
the industry was on its knees and many participants are financially crippled
after fighting drought for as long as three years.

They said small bush towns that depended on cash flow from surrounding stations
were already struggling. In many instances, businesses in towns that relied on
stations had become collateral damage as cash dried up and -demand for services
evaporated.

Richmond grazier Alister McClymont, who runs more than 50,000 cattle, said loans
would only be of value if they were set at 1 to 2 per cent.

He said loans of 4.5 per cent, which the Prime Minister was proposing, would
only add to the troubles being experienced by people already heavily in debt.

"I think, if anything, the Government should offer 1 to 2 per cent loans to
people who want to buy stock after the drought breaks," he said.

"If people can't get back into the game with cattle, they aren't going to
survive.

'I think there should be a subsidy to buy stock.

"It's not going to do anyone any good if a property owner has grass in his
paddock and he can't convert it into money." Cr Daniels said funding in the
package for mental health was unnecessary and, if the Government had put more
thought into the package, landholders would have "a feed in their belly and some
money" and mental health wouldn't be an issue.

But State Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry Minister John McVeigh rejected the
criticism, saying the package would further help Queensland's drought-affected
farms and keep jobs in the bush.

"More disposable cash in farmers' pockets means they can meet their local bills
in town and get rural communities and economies going again," Mr McVeigh said.

"This assistance is for here and now. There will be a long recovery time so
we'll still need to discuss long term drought policy with the Federal Government
at the right time. The Prime Minister recognises agriculture has a great future
beyond this drought." Meanwhile, Member for Kennedy Bob Katter has labelled the
package as "signing the death warrant of agriculture".

"We are being treated like mongrel dogs. We should have a bit of bite about us;
stand up and fight like tigers," Mr Katter said.

"While what the LNP has released today is essentially a good gesture and a step
in the right direction, it is the very minor tip of the iceberg and much more is
needed."How is this package going to help a sixth generation cattle family that
I spoke to yesterday, who are facing the choice of paying their mortgage or
feeding their starving cattle?"

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Miner


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Farmers may have to wait for vital cash

BYLINE: By Philip Bowern; news@westerndailypress.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 457  words


Drop in centres where farmers can file vital claims for EU subsidies are staying
open until midnight tonight amid fears that chaos around this year's
applications' system will leave thousands out of pocket.

The Rural Payments Agency say they are pulling out all the stops to ensure
farmers can get their claim forms in right up to the deadline to be sure of
receiving support under the Common Agricultural Policy's Basic Payment Scheme.

But farm leaders fear that failures with the system, which was to have been
online-only this year until computer glitches forced a return to paper, mean
that farmers could be forced to wait for their subsidy payments, due to be paid
out from December this year.

Deputy NFU president Minette Batters has been pressing for farmers to be granted
'part-payment' of their subsidy support if there are delays because of errors
with forms. She said: "It would be wrong for farmers to be penalised because of
changes to the system that are no fault of theirs."

Martin Howlett, South West regional chairman of the NFU, warned Farms Minister
George Eustice at the Royal Cornwall Show that farmers were having to deal with
errors and omissions on farm maps as a result of the changes, which could also
result in delays.

With farm gate prices for meat, milk and cereals on the floor and farm costs
rising, there are widespread concerns that if subsidy payments are delayed many
farmers could face hardship - or be forced out of the industry altogether. By
the end of last week 71,000 claims had been filed - still more than 10,000 short
of the 80,000-plus farmers eligible for EU subsidy support across the country.

The money paid out under European Union agricultural subsidy is the difference
for many farm businesses, between farming at a profit and a loss.

And this year, with low commodity prices across the board and bovine TB still
rife across the South West hitting farm profits hard, the support is more vital
than ever

Banks are pledging support to West farmers who find their cash flow is hit by
delayed payments. Andrew Naylor, head of agriculture for Lloyds Bank, said:
"Lloyds Bank Agriculture has been working for several months on a support
package for farmers who could be disadvantaged by such an event." But he said
final details have not been announced.

David Verney, chairman of the Devon branch of the NFU, stressed the importance
of farmers contacting their banks as soon as possible, if they thought they
would be affected by cash flow problems.

He said: "It is no good suffering in silence - it could be too late," he said.
"You have to ask for support."

Rural Payment Agency centres in Bodmin, Dorchester, Exeter, Launceston, Taunton
and Truro will be staffed right up until the last minute tonight.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday

$770,000 would clear a lot of ditches

BYLINE: BRIDGET HALL GRUMET

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 642 words


With each rain, it seemed, the flooding got a bit worse.

Each storm swept more dirt, tree branches, garbage and other debris into the
culverts in Hickory Hills. A growing tussock - a thick island of floating weeds
- choked off the drainage pond.

"Especially this past year with the hurricanes, it floated a lot of debris and
clogged up the retention pond," resident Billy Ward said.

And with less room for rainwater to escape, more of it backed up into the
Hickory Hills neighborhood south of Dade City, where hurricane floodwaters
seeped into four homes and the garage of a fifth.

Looking for a way to help his saturated neighbors, Ward called around last fall
and discovered a federal program that pays for clearing out debris-clogged
waterways. County officials looked into it, and today the County Commission will
vote on applying for money to improve the water flow in Hickory Hills and six
other areas.

The projects, totaling $770,000, mostly involve removing debris and repairing
culvert damage from last year's hurricanes, said Michele Baker, the county's
director of Emergency Management.

After doing the work, the county would be reimbursed for 75 percent of the cost
by the Natural Resources Conservation Service, part of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

"If we can remove those sediments and restore the flow of those ditches, it will
improve the drainage," Baker said.

Clearing out the pond and culverts in Hickory Hills would run about $50,000.
Crews would also remove 4,000 cubic yards of sediment from Betmar Acres
($40,000) and 2 miles of debris from Zephyr Creek ($80,000), both in
Zephyrhills.

Another 3 miles of debris would be cleared out of the drainage system in Quail
Hollow in Wesley Chapel ($120,000). Crews would also clean out the ditches in
Sierra Pines in Lutz ($100,000); as well as the series of Port Richey ditches
and culverts that drain Magnolia Valley ($120,000).

For another $10,000, workers would replace dirt and grass along Handcart Road in
east Pasco, which washed out during last year's storms.

The county's request includes $250,000 for miscellaneous projects, such as
removing trees or aquatic weeds from waterways, Baker said. But the county won't
get any federal dollars unless it does the work first and qualifies for
reimbursement, she said.

The application for the federal dollars is part of the County Commission's
consent agenda, a series of noncontroversial items usually approved without
discussion. If the item passes, the county will have 90 days to put out a
request for contractors, then 180 days to complete the work.

The effort sounded like good news to Hugh Reid, owner of the Suncoast Gateway
Mobile Home Village in Port Richey, where the parking lot was flooded for weeks
after last year's storms. Aside from tree branches and the usual debris, Reid
suspects there could be abandoned appliances and other junk in the Congress
Street retention pond, which is part of the greater Magnolia Valley drainage
system.

"I just hope they do something in case we get another bad storm, so we don't get
walloped like we did last time," Reid said.

Bridget Hall Grumet covers Pasco County government. She can be reached in west
Pasco at 869-6244 or toll-free at 1-800-333-7505, ext. 6244. Her e-mail address
is bhall@sptimes.com.

FLOWING SMOOTHER

Pasco County plans to remove debris from stormwater drainage systems in the
following areas:

1  Rees Street and Springer Drive to Magnolia Valley, $120,000

2  Sierra Pines, $100,000

3  Quail Hollow, $120,000

4  Handcart Road (slope stabilization and seeding) $10,000

5  Hickory Hills, $50,000

6  Betmar Acres, $40,000

7  Zephyr Creek, $80,000

Source: Pasco County Office of Emergency Management

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP; Map of Pasco County locating areas where debris from stormwater
drainage systems will be removed.

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 15, 1992 Monday
                                  Late Edition

WETLANDS WILL SAVE RIVER, SAYS COUNCIL

BYLINE: BERNARD ZUEL

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 458 words


Frustrated by the pace of efforts to clean the polluted Hawkesbury/Nepean River
system, Hawkesbury Council is proposing a natural remedy: wetlands.

The State Government will be asked this week to participate in a feasibility
study of a plan which may see a series of ponds and waterways cleaning the
waters of South Creek and Eastern Creek before they flow into the river system.

Overseas and on the far North Coast of NSW, wetlands use nutrient-ingesting
aquatic plans, photosynthesis and settling ponds to remove much of the pollution
which waterways accumulate.

South Creek and Eastern Creek are heavily polluted with industrial and
agricultural discharges and run-offs. South Creek also receives treated sewage
from Water Board plants.

The environmentalist Dr David Hughes has said of South Creek that only its
sewage outfalls give it any flow in dry seasons.

The polluted waters flow into the Hawkesbury upstream of its major recreational
and tourist areas. This gives Hawkesbury Council extra incentive to clean the
water before it gets to the river, the town clerk, Mr Garry McCully , said.

Mr McCully first drew up the wetland scheme almost seven years ago but it did
not attract much interest. However, when Hawkesbury Alderman Robert Calvert
heard the details recently he pushed the plan through the council and received
unanimous support.

The mayor, Alderman Wendy Sledge, said: "the council is tired of waiting for
promised State (Government) responses to the deterioration of the river." Mr
Calvert added: "We have to do it because we're copping the end result and no-one
else is doing enough about it."

Under Mr McCully's plan, the diverted waters of South and Eastern creeks would
be taken through flood-prone land south of Blacktown Road for a 15-step wetland
system, including a litter interception device, deep settling ponds to remove
silt and clay particles, and shallow ponds where photosynthesis and plant life
would remove phosphorus and nitrogen.

The system would also allow water to be used for agriculture and fish farming
before it went back into the rivers. It is estimated that 80 to 100 hectares
would be needed for the system.

Dr Hughes, who has been campaigning to save the Hawkesbury/Nepean system, called
the plan a "brilliant idea" which would pay for 80 per cent of its cost through
commercial applications in tourism and agriculture offshoots.

The only problem is money. The council is prepared to contribute financially to
the feasibility study but believes the State Government and other councils
upstream must play a part in the study and the eventual acquisition of land.

Mr McCully has suggested amending legislation so contributions can be levied
from those legally discharging into the creeks, and thence the rivers.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Alderman Robert Calvert .. "we're copping the end result ..."
Picture by SIMON ALEKNA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

FSA loans help youth start in farming

BYLINE: Gina Kinslow, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 805 words


April 05--GLASGOW -- When Nick Jessie and Justin Tudor were in high school they
took advantage of the Farm Service Agency's Youth Loan Program.

They applied for loans to fund the purchase of beef cattle.

Jessie and Tudor were both members of the FFA organization at their school --
one of the requirements for obtaining a loan through FSA.

Tudor bought Gelbvieh registered cattle with his loan.

"I was AI [artificially inseminating] breeding them and keeping the bulls back
so I would have to buy bulls," he said. "I got probably five or six bulls out of
the registered cattle I bought."

He chose to buy Gelbvieh cattle because he wanted cattle that featured more
muscle, and because they are known for good maternal ability, he said.

Tudor chose to apply for an FSA Youth Loan because it is a low-interest loan.

"It's a good idea for a kid trying to start out," he said. "I was already
established. My dad took pretty good care of me. If you weren't already started
..., it would be a good way to go."

Tudor's dad raises beef cattle, as does Jessie's father.

Jessie chose to buy beef cattle with his FSA Youth Loan because he wanted to
enlarge his beef cattle herd.

Jessie works for Tudor's dad on his Summer Shade farm. Both he and Tudor have
chosen farming as a career. They grew up on a farm.

"I never thought about doing anything else," he said. "I just like being outside
all the time."

Farm Service Agency  Youth Loans are available for youth who range in age from
10 to 20 and who are involved in a program such as FFA or 4-H and are involved
in a supervised project through one of the organizations.

"Our FFA and 4-H organizations are very helpful in working with us in order to
be able to make these loans," said Helena Pitcock, farm loan officer for the
Barren-Metcalfe FSA office. "The youth, they have to have some type of adviser
and they have to be in one of those organizations, either 4-H, FFA or a similar
organization that relates to agriculture."

The maximum amount for farm youth loans is $5,000. Youth must have their
parents' permission and their project adviser must sign a document verifying
they are a member of FFA or 4-H.

"They are good little loans and they are helpful to kids who don't have any
other way to get started. Some of them will buy show heifers and show them in
the fairs. That gives them leadership abilities and also the experience of
intermingling with others and learning what's out there and what may be
available for them for college and so forth," Pitcock said.

Kentucky ranks in the top 10 in several areas, including youth loans, she said.

"We've been fortunate in Kentucky to be able to help a lot of youth," Pitcock
said.

Acquiring a Farm Service Agency Youth Loan gives youth a sampling of what it is
like to be a farmer, and will help them determine if they want to choose
agriculture as a career, she said.

"It also teaches them about keeping records, teaching them about what a
financial statement is, cash flow and it kind of helps them learn that money
doesn't come from parents or comes from trees," Pitcock said. "They learn how to
make their own money and to be successful and to budget."

Several youth who acquire loans through FSA return as adults to borrow money for
the purchase of livestock, equipment or even a farm, she said.

"We have several that have had youth loans with us that go into farming and
purchase a farm," Pitcock said.

There are not as many youth choosing farming as a career.

"The average age of the farmer right now I think is like 57 to 58 years old, and
we need more beginning farmers," she said. "We not only have the youth farm
loans, but we have other loan programs and we kind of target beginning farmers
to try to help them because of the low interest rate and they don't have to have
a down payment to purchase a farm. If the farm is appraised at $200,000, we
would loan them $200,000. They don't have to have a down payment to be able to
get it."

Pitcock said it helps if the borrower has some assets established, such as
livestock or farming equipment and that they don't have a lot of debt.

"If someone comes in wanting to borrow money for the whole thing, buy a farm,
buy their livestock, buy their equipment, everything, it's generally not going
to cash flow," she said. "They do have to have something already established
themselves, normally, for it to work; have some assets free of debt to get them
started."

For more information about FSA Youth Loans, call Barren-Metcalfe County FSA
office at 629-2081.

To see more of the Glasgow Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.glasgowdailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110405-GK-FSA-loans-help-youth-start-in-farming-0405-20110405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2011 Glasgow Daily Times


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Re-engineering the sprinkler

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: New York



 Cambridge: Massachusetts Institute of Technology has issued the following news
release:



 A team of MIT engineers has described a novel way of controlling the flow of
water in flexible tubes, a finding with implications for agricultural systems
worldwide. Their research, published in the Journal of Mechanical Design, could
reduce the energy demands of pulsating sprinklers used for irrigation.





 "Food and its relationship to water is one of the biggest problems in the
world," says Ruo-Qian Wang, a former postdoc at the MIT Tata Center for
Technology and Design who is now a postdoc at the University of California at
Berkeley. "There is a clear need for efficient irrigation technologies that save
money and conserve resources."



 Wang co-authored the paper with three researchers in MIT's Department of
Mechanical Engineering: graduate student Teresa Lin, PhD candidate and Tata
Fellow Pulkit Shamshery, and Assistant Professor Amos Winter.



 The model they propose could be especially useful in developing countries,
where many farmers cultivate small plots of land without reliable access to the
electricity grid. These farmers rely on solar or diesel power to draw water for
irrigation.



 "If you bring down the energy requirements of the irrigation system, that means
a farmer can buy a smaller solar panel, or use less diesel," Wang says.
"Everything gets cheaper and more accessible."



 Compensating for pressure



 The researchers focused on a device called a Starling resistor, which is a
flexible tube that collapses as pressure is applied. This device is noted for
its similarities to human respiration, and has been used to model flow in the
lungs and airways.



 "But," Wang says, "it has never been applied to a pressure-compensated flow
control system for agriculture."



 The team created an experimental Starling resistor architecture that introduces
a needle valve, which allows for independent control of two key variables:
activation pressure and flow rate. The goal is a phenomenon called pressure
compensation, in which a steady flow rate can be maintained no matter the
pressure differential.



 "Activation pressure is key to energy consumption," Wang says. "A traditional
resistor has to achieve a high level of activation pressure, about 1 bar, to
activate the pressure compensation mechanism. That takes a lot of pumping
power."



 The team's experiment showed that using a rubber tube to replace the diaphragm
of the existing Starling resistor design can reduce the needed activation
pressure by 90 percent.



 "As a result, Wang says, "farmers can use smaller pumps and smaller solar
panels to provide the activation pressure."



 They placed the needle valve at a critical juncture in the system, where,
together with the rubber tube, it acted as part of a series of resistors to
water flow. Using different tube lengths and thicknesses, they discovered that
adjusting the needle valve changed the flow rate, but did not change the minimum
pressure needed to "activate" the system. Their paper describes the first
mathematical model that quantitatively predicts this decoupling of the two
variables.



 This means their device could make it easier to optimize irrigation systems for
a variety of settings.



 "We can design the activation pressure using a given tube material and
geometry, and by adjusting the needle valve, water can be applied to different
crops at different flow rates," Wang says.



 This new Starling resistor can be optimized for a high flow rate -- necessary
for pulsating sprinklers -- while the pressure compensation phenomenon also
causes the tube to oscillate, which gives it a natural pulsating quality.



 Wang explains that "a traditional sprinkler uses a spring-loaded arm to impact
the flow rate. That wastes energy, and energy has a cost. This device provides
pulsation by itself."



 Leveraging global expertise



 The project has grown out of the team's partnership with Jain Irrigation
Systems, a multinational company headquartered in Jalgaon, India, that provided
funding, technical knowledge, and market expertise. Researchers in Winter's GEAR
Lab have collaborated with Jain on a number of projects related to water and
agriculture.



 "Jain is a $1 billion revenue company with small-scale farmers comprising 80-90
percent of their clients," says Wang. "They can commercialize agriculture
projects in that space better than any other company."



 He notes that Jain's guidance and ability to field-test prototypes helped keep
the Starling resistor project on the right track.



 "Being able to test this architecture with Jain helped us determine that it had
potential in sprinkler systems. Now we have a great opportunity for our work to
make an impact."



 This research was funded by Jain Irrigation Systems and the MIT Tata Center for
Technology and Design.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Re-engineering the sprinkler

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: New York



 Cambridge: Massachusetts Institute of Technology has issued the following news
release:



 A team of MIT engineers has described a novel way of controlling the flow of
water in flexible tubes, a finding with implications for agricultural systems
worldwide. Their research, published in the Journal of Mechanical Design, could
reduce the energy demands of pulsating sprinklers used for irrigation.





 "Food and its relationship to water is one of the biggest problems in the
world," says Ruo-Qian Wang, a former postdoc at the MIT Tata Center for
Technology and Design who is now a postdoc at the University of California at
Berkeley. "There is a clear need for efficient irrigation technologies that save
money and conserve resources."



 Wang co-authored the paper with three researchers in MIT's Department of
Mechanical Engineering: graduate student Teresa Lin, PhD candidate and Tata
Fellow Pulkit Shamshery, and Assistant Professor Amos Winter.



 The model they propose could be especially useful in developing countries,
where many farmers cultivate small plots of land without reliable access to the
electricity grid. These farmers rely on solar or diesel power to draw water for
irrigation.



 "If you bring down the energy requirements of the irrigation system, that means
a farmer can buy a smaller solar panel, or use less diesel," Wang says.
"Everything gets cheaper and more accessible."



 Compensating for pressure



 The researchers focused on a device called a Starling resistor, which is a
flexible tube that collapses as pressure is applied. This device is noted for
its similarities to human respiration, and has been used to model flow in the
lungs and airways.



 "But," Wang says, "it has never been applied to a pressure-compensated flow
control system for agriculture."



 The team created an experimental Starling resistor architecture that introduces
a needle valve, which allows for independent control of two key variables:
activation pressure and flow rate. The goal is a phenomenon called pressure
compensation, in which a steady flow rate can be maintained no matter the
pressure differential.



 "Activation pressure is key to energy consumption," Wang says. "A traditional
resistor has to achieve a high level of activation pressure, about 1 bar, to
activate the pressure compensation mechanism. That takes a lot of pumping
power."



 The team's experiment showed that using a rubber tube to replace the diaphragm
of the existing Starling resistor design can reduce the needed activation
pressure by 90 percent.



 "As a result, Wang says, "farmers can use smaller pumps and smaller solar
panels to provide the activation pressure."



 They placed the needle valve at a critical juncture in the system, where,
together with the rubber tube, it acted as part of a series of resistors to
water flow. Using different tube lengths and thicknesses, they discovered that
adjusting the needle valve changed the flow rate, but did not change the minimum
pressure needed to "activate" the system. Their paper describes the first
mathematical model that quantitatively predicts this decoupling of the two
variables.



 This means their device could make it easier to optimize irrigation systems for
a variety of settings.



 "We can design the activation pressure using a given tube material and
geometry, and by adjusting the needle valve, water can be applied to different
crops at different flow rates," Wang says.



 This new Starling resistor can be optimized for a high flow rate -- necessary
for pulsating sprinklers -- while the pressure compensation phenomenon also
causes the tube to oscillate, which gives it a natural pulsating quality.



 Wang explains that "a traditional sprinkler uses a spring-loaded arm to impact
the flow rate. That wastes energy, and energy has a cost. This device provides
pulsation by itself."



 Leveraging global expertise



 The project has grown out of the team's partnership with Jain Irrigation
Systems, a multinational company headquartered in Jalgaon, India, that provided
funding, technical knowledge, and market expertise. Researchers in Winter's GEAR
Lab have collaborated with Jain on a number of projects related to water and
agriculture.



 "Jain is a $1 billion revenue company with small-scale farmers comprising 80-90
percent of their clients," says Wang. "They can commercialize agriculture
projects in that space better than any other company."



 He notes that Jain's guidance and ability to field-test prototypes helped keep
the Starling resistor project on the right track.



 "Being able to test this architecture with Jain helped us determine that it had
potential in sprinkler systems. Now we have a great opportunity for our work to
make an impact."



 This research was funded by Jain Irrigation Systems and the MIT Tata Center for
Technology and Design.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

SAS CEO Jim Goodnight Mixes Growth With Joy Inspire: His upbeat office boosts
innovation and retention

BYLINE: SCOTT S. SMITH reported its 38th straight year of increasing revenue,
reaching $3.02 billion (the privately held company does not disclose earnings).
With our new Visual Analytics, we've provided a really cool tool to explore +
billions of rows of data, making it accessible to everyone by showing the
results in bar charts, plot charts and tables almost instantaneously,"
Goodnight, who's still the CEO, told IBD. Goodnight, 71, got turned on to
science by a great teacher at his + Wilmington, N.C

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1306 words


Goodnight's Keys

** Founder/CEO of SAS Institute, the largest private provider of data analysis
software and service.

** Overcame: Small market for data analysis.

** Lesson: Build systems into your company to support excellence.

** "Goodnight has been a real innovator in how to manage a business," said Brian
Turchin, CEO of Cape Horn Strategies.

Jim Goodnight co-founded SAS Institute in 1976 to grow bigger hogs cheaper.

Its statistical analysis system -- hence the SAS title -- also helped farmers
grow more rice and get more milk from cows.

The Cary, N.C., company (pronounced "Sass") has branched out since its college
ag research origins.

Now a leader in business analytics -- checking the massive flow of data to
inform decisions -- it serves 91 of the Fortune Global 100.

SAS' tasks range from preventing money laundering and insurance fraud to helping
drugmakers navigate regulations and energy companies forecast demand.

In 2013, SASOn To Business

While working on his master's degree in statistics (awarded in 1968), he became
a programmer for a company making electronic equipment for communicating with
the Apollo space capsules. Seeing that its annual turnover was 50%, he vowed
that one day he would create a better work environment.

He earned his Ph.D. in 1972 and joined the N.C. State faculty.

By then he was into the farm data analysis business, funded by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

When government money dried up, other colleges yearning for the data paid.
Pharmaceutical firms were also interested.

By 1976, with 350 users lining up, Goodnight and colleagues John Sall, Tony Barr
and Jane Helwig left academia and formed SAS.

The new firm was profitable in six months and had sales of $138,000 the first
year. Goodnight says it has never had debt. The chief executive said he's
refused to take the company public because that would add "huge pressure to
sacrifice long-term strength and stability for short-term gains."

One key to SAS' moneymaking has been what's often called a work utopia, now
based on 300 acres (an additional 600 are planned).

The 2014 Fortune list of Best Companies to Work For ranks SAS No. 2, just behind
Google.

"We don't want people to be distracted by outside concerns when we need them to
focus on innovation," Goodnight explained. "The creativity they bring to SAS is
a competitive advantage, and it's my job to maintain a work environment that
keeps them eager to come back every morning."

Some of the campus benefits:

** Flexible work schedules and generous compensation that motivate people to get
projects done on time in the right way.

** A 66,000-square-foot fitness and rec center where employees can watch movies
from the pool.

** Day care, beauty salon, dry cleaning, pharmacy, doctors and psychologists.

** Help in finding a good nursing home for aging parents or the right college
for kids.

It's no wonder turnover among the 14,000 employees is about 4% a year vs. the
software industry's average 15.5%. Average tenure for SAS staff in America is 10
years vs. 4.6 years across industries.

That retention means a savings of around $100 million a year that would
otherwise go to recruiting and training, the company says.

In 2013, SAS received 50,000 applications for 300 openings.

In core areas, such as sales and research and development, the company typically
receives 200 applicants per opening.

Another benefit to having happy employees who aren't exhausted while working is
fewer program bugs. Employees also have closer relationships with clients, 90%
of whom say they expect to stay as customers for at least five more years.

That reduces marketing costs. One reason: SAS product innovation is driven by
customers, who vote every year on top priorities, many of which get implemented.

When the Great Recession raged in 2008, SAS sales plummeted. But while
competitors laid off workers in droves, Goodnight assured his that they had job
security, letting everyone concentrate on developing new products and services.

Having committed and creative workers was crucial. This was a new tech juncture,
with SAS facing rivals zipping service over the Net to mobile devices.
Goodnight's software needed updating.

Big Numbers

The challenge was made massive by Big Data, the tidal wave of information --
texts, videos, voice -- that reached 2.8 trillion gigabytes in 2012, according
to International Data Corp., and is expected to be 14 times bigger by 2020.

"Only half of 1% of this is analyzed in any way," said Thomas Davenport, author
of "Big Data at Work." "In a 2013 survey of readers of the Harvard Business
Review, only 28% said their organizations were "using Big Data to make better
business decisions or create new business opportunities.'

"A decade ago, the costs of computing, data management and data analysis were
major impediments to analysis. Today, startups and online firms make heavy use
of inexpensive and free resources, and they can make decisions based on facts
instead of relying on gut feel."

In the thick of backing that decision-making process is SAS.

Goodnight's firm maintains its edge in part because it reinvests a quarter of
revenue into R&D vs. the industry average of 10%.

As he expected, when employees six years ago faced the biggest challenge in the
firm's existence, they went into innovation overdrive.

"We had a bank in Singapore come to us in the summer of 2008 and ask if we could
reduce the 18 hours it took to run their risk calculations on a single
processor," said Goodnight. "We spread out the problem on massively parallel
computers and put the memory into the computers, bringing the time down to 12
minutes. We can now run everything that way, harnessing the power of the latest
Intel chips. The transformation of our products in the past five years has been
the biggest since we began writing code for PCs in the mid-1980 s."

Global

SAS has clicked drawing clients all over the map, with its programs running on
70,000 sites. Among its customers: Dun & Bradstreet, Amway China, Visa, Nestle,
Staples, DirecTV, the Spanish air force, Bank of America and the U.S. Census
Bureau.

Goodnight sees retail firms ramping up use of analytics as they track customer
spending habits.

SAS is rising to the opportunity, says Davenport, pointing to the firm's link
with Macy's: "Merchandise pricing optimization for its 73 million items for sale
has been reduced from over 27 hours to just over an hour, making it possible to
reprice items more frequently to adapt to changing conditions in the
marketplace.

"The website (Macys.com) itself is equivalent to a single store in the
retailer's structure, but is growing at a 50% rate, faster than any other part
of the business. It's heavily focused on customer-oriented analytical
applications involving personalization, email targeting and search engine
optimization to attract new customers."

Also in the Big Data fast lane, says Goodnight, is the car industry, with autos
wirelessly broadcasting information about their operations back to manufacturers
with their sharp, onboard computers.

What worries Goodnight is an American education system failing to encourage
students to study the STEM subjects: science, technology, engineering, math.

"The forecast is that we're going to fall a million graduates short in STEM over
the next decade and innovation will go where workers are qualified, like India
and China," he said "We've really dumbed down the curriculum in the past
decade."

Backing up his talk, SAS has invested $75 million in its online learning
program, Curriculum Pathways, free to 28,000 schools.

Forbes estimates Goodnight's net worth at $7.2 billion, virtually all of it
invested in SAS. He has repeatedly refused acquisition offers because he does
not want its distinctive culture changed.

Asked about whether he has made plans for succession, he responds: "I'm having
too much fun. I plan to be here for a long time."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 11, 1998, Friday

Canada-US cattle drives: all one way

BYLINE: BY COURTNEY TOWER

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 769 words


Farmers in the northern United States become very upset at seeing truckloads of
plump Canadian cattle heading toward American slaughterhouses, while almost none
of their cattle go north.

But a tiny countertrend reversal of the dominant trade flow is evident, starting
with Montana and Washington state, and could expand to other states interested.

It provides that feeder cattle, yearlings that go to feedlots to be ""
finished'' into prime beef candidates, can be exported to Canada without the
costly individual testing for diseases now required by strict Canadian animal
health rules.

NO REVERSAL IN SIGHT

It would take a major reversal to bring trade into anything resembling a
balance. For this year up to Aug. 22, Canada exported 833,028 live cattle to the
United States. But Canada has received a minuscule 29,352 U.S. animals.

And it's getting even worse. Cattle exports from Canada to the United States are
up over the same period last year, at a time when producers on either side of
the border are making little money. The tiny flow from the United States, mainly
into Central Canada, Ontario and Quebec, is down 20 percent from last year.

POLITICIANS ANGRY

Politicians like Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., believe it's the fault of
Canadian-U.S. free trade, or illegal Canadian subsidies, or even that Canada's
free medical care system creates an unlevel field of competition by subsidizing
workers.

The governor of South Dakota has threatened to have his highway patrol officers
pull over and inspect every last Canadian truck carrying grain or livestock in
his state. A bill has passed the Senate that would require Canadian cattle, and
beef, to be labelled ""foreign.''

There are no restrictions on U.S. live slaughter cattle coming into Canada, or
on beef so long as it has been killed in plants approved by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture. It is the same regime as that applied by the United States to
Canadian cattle, according to cattlemen and the Canadian federal government.

But the disparity in slaughter cattle is vast, 695,714 Canadian animals to the
United States up to Aug. 22 this year, vs. 24,686 coming from the United States.

""It's not restrictions, but economics,'' said Rob McNabb, an executive of the
Canadian Cattlemen's Association, based in Calgary.

For one thing, strong sales from Western Canada into the United States occur
because product quality is high, Mr. McNabb and federal agriculture officials
said.

GOOD DEAL

American meatpackers also get a very good deal by paying Canadian prices in U.S.
dollars (US$1 is equivalent to C$1.52). And meatpackers in the northern United
STates have more capacity than they have available U.S. cattle, ""and they like
to keep going 100 percent, so they top up with Canadian cattle,'' Mr. McNabb
said.

""There is very little flow the other way because there is very little demand,
with our dollar being what it is,'' said John Ross, a marketing expert at
Agriculture Canada.

On feeder cattle, yearlings that would come in and be with Canadian animals in
feedlots, Canada has long had tough requirements to prevent diseases from which
Canada is free or almost free but which occur in the United States.

As a result, Canada has sent 137,314 feeders to the United States in the year to
Aug. 22, while the United States has provided Canada only 4,666.

Canada requires tests of each animal before it is imported. They are for
brucellosis, of which Canada is free and the United States is not, and
tuberculosis, of which Canada is almost free and the United States ""is in
pretty good shape but they still have it,'' said Dr. Claude Lavigne of the
Canadian Food Inspection Agency.

         Tests also are run for two other diseases: Anaplasmosis, a viral blood
disease that leaves animals lethargic and thin; and bluetongue, another disease
spread by a tick. Canada is free of both diseases; the United States is not.

TESTS BEING LIFTED

Canada is lifting its test of each animal for states that undergo a ""risk
assessment'' and are found free of tuberculosis and brucellosis (it causes
undulant fever in humans). The states must also be found to have a low incidence
of anaplasmosis and low risk of bluetongue.

Montana and Washington states are the first to be so recognized and others will
follow if they are interested, Mr. McNabb said. Montana cattle producers are
said to have engineered deals whereby they will send their yearlings to Canadian
feedlots, taking advantage of the weak Canadian dollar, and then bring them back
to sell to slaughterhouses for American greenbacks.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             August 08, 2010 Sunday

Long, long time rules catching up to NCBA

BYLINE: Alan Guebert;agcomm@sbcglobal.net

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 664 words


You know it's gonna' be a bad day when you open your  e-mail and see the New
York Times' sports your picture pleading over why your organization ... well,
here's how the Aug. 2 Times' explains it:

"An influential cattle industry group misused money raised from ranchers and
farmers for promoting beef sales and violated federal rules by spending some of
it to support lobbying activities, according to an outside financial review."

The "influential cattle group" is the National Cattlemen's Beef Association. The
"misused" money is from the beef checkoff. The picture is of Forrest Roberts,
NCBA's CEO.

The "federal rules violated" is what the U.S. Department of Agriculture, farm
groups and thousands of checkoff-paying cowboys predicted might happen when NCBA
announced a new "governance" structure this year: NCBA, the checkoff's prime
contractor, is so tightly tied to the checkoff that it's often impossible to
distinguish where NCBA ends and checkoff's Cattlemen's Beef Board begins.

In fact, the "outside financial review" - just a peek at about 1 percent of the
paperwork for the more than $100 million of checkoff money that flowed through
NCBA from late 2007 through early 2010 - showed "at least $90,000 in
questionable or poorly documented transactions," according to auditing firm
Clifton Gunderson.

NCBA spent late July downplaying the review. Its officials, explained the Times,
"acknowledged some mistakes [but] said guidelines on how the marketing money
should be spent were often unclear."

Oh, unclear as in charging the checkoff $3,592 for Roberts' wife's travel to New
Zealand and, again, for her and their son to accompany Roberts to San Antonio?

It's confusing because, while both are clear violations of checkoff rules, in
reality, NCBA Prez Steve Foglesong explained to the Times, "(T)hat's not
anything different than what's been going on for a long, long time."

How long has NCBA been spending checkoff money under its "long-long-time" rules
rather than federal law? Hard to say, but since the checkoff began in 1986 it
has collected and spent more than $1.5 billion of producer money.

NCBA's lack of internal controls and inadequate accounting of checkoff dollars
is just the $54 million part - the amount of checkoff cash estimated will flow
to the group this year - of the iceberg you see. Below the surface is the bigger
conflict-of-interest.

For example, many members of the CBB, appointed by the secretary of agriculture,
are also longtime members of its chief contractor, NCBA.

Another key player in both the NCBA and checkoff is the Federation of State Beef
Councils. By law, state councils control 50 cents of every checkoff dollar. Like
the CBB, most state councils contract with NCBA to run at least some of their
checkoff programs.

And, like many CBB members, most Federation members are NCBA members, also.

How can these multi-hatted members vote checkoff spending to NCBA and it not be
a conflict of interest?

It's a crucial question now that NCBA publicly joined its packer pals to fight
proposed USDA rules for fairer, more transparent livestock markets.

NCBA can, of course, lobby for any policy it members choose. What it cannot do,
however, is use checkoff dollars in the effort.

The just-released results of the compliance review casts doubt on that not
happening because, clearly, it's happened often in the very recent past.

But even if it cleans up its act, why do cattle producers continue to spend 75
cents of every checkoff dollar with NCBA when it represents only one of every 33
producers and wants to kill rules to strengthen markets for all 33?

Must be another of those long-long-time rules unique to NCBA.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist who writes weekly for The Pantagraph. He
lives in Delavan. His e-mail address is agcomm@sbcglobal.net

.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Pantagraph


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Poor credit flow killing farmers: Govt

SECTION: TIMES NATION

LENGTH: 501 words


Asking states to take all necessary steps to ensure agriculture credit reaches
small and marginal farmers, the Centre on Monday attributed the record number of
farmer suicides last year to poor disbursement of farm credit, which forced them
to turn to 'high-interest loans' from local money-lenders.

"In spite of so much money given for small and marginal farmers, credit is not
flowing to this sector. Small and marginal farmers are knocking on the doors of
money lenders. As a result, we have seen the maximum number of suicides during
the last year," agriculture secretary S K Patnaik said while addressing a
national kharif conference here on Monday .

"The institutional credit mechanism is not working the way it should be. This is
something that we all should ponder and take measures so that agriculture credit
is made use of by the vulnerable

sections," he said.

The government has raised the farm credit target for this fiscal by Rs 50,000
crore to Rs 9 lakh crore. With the country facing two consecutive drought years
due to bad monsoons in 2014 and 2015,

farmers are under stress and a number of cases of suicide have been reported
from various states. As many as 3,228 farmers committed suicide in Maharashtra
last year, the highest in the last 14 years.

Amid hopes of a good monsoon this year, the agriculture ministry is planning
advance action for the kharif crop cycle which is to begin in

June. States have been asked to make advance preparation for sowing kharif
(summer) crops like rice and pulses by making adequate availability of seeds,
fertilisers and other agricultural inputs.

"El Nino condition is declining. It is expected La Nina

will take over and perhaps favour a good monsoon this year," Patnaik said.
Detailed guidelines will be issued after national weather forecaster IMD's
formal monsoon forecast on Tuesday .

The Cabinet secretary , meanwhile, reviewed the situation arising out of rain
deficiency in drought-hit areas. The issue of timely initiatives on diesel,
seed, horticulture and fodder subsidy relief during drought was reviewed. Other
issues -including providing additional employment of 50 days under MNREGA over
and above 100 days -were also discussed.

Times View

The agriculture secretary is right in identifying inadequate access to
institutional credit as a major factor in farmer suicides. But that's not the
only reason. The truth is that for decades governments have dealt with
agriculture and farmers through a purely political prism. As a result, populist
sops have been the norm rather than serious efforts to make farming a viable,
remunerative proposition. What is needed is investment in irrigation, in setting
up cold chains and creating market access, crop insurance schemes, food
processing industry for adding value and so on. Some of this will require public
investment, other parts will need the state to play the role of facilitator, but
all of it needs governments to start recognising and focussing on the economics
of farming and not just the politics.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 3, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Act Would Make Bay a Conservation Lab;
Region's Farmers Would Be Paid to Help Limit Runoff, Preserve Lands

BYLINE: Anita Huslin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 955 words


A federal proposal to devote $ 19 billion to farm conservation programs could
transform the Chesapeake Bay cleanup into a national model and provide subsidies
to many mid-Atlantic farmers for the first time, proponents say.

An amendment to the $ 170 billion Farm Security Act championed by Reps. Ron Kind
(D-Wis.) and Wayne T. Gilchrest (R-Md.) would boost spending on programs to
encourage farmers to become better stewards of the land. Congress could take up
the measure as early as today.

Farmers who have not been eligible for traditional subsidies because they do not
grow corn, wheat, soybeans or other basic commodities could be paid to plant
cover crops and limit the fertilizers they apply to prevent nutrient pollution
from washing into waterways.

At the heart of the proposal is a plan to make the Chesapeake Bay region a test
laboratory for the nation, by significantly boosting support for existing
conservation programs and funding new projects to reduce pollution in the
nation's largest estuary.

"Given that we've been asking farmers in the East to do a great deal for the
environment, it's about time they got their fair share of the support payments
that will help keep them profitable," said Thomas Simpson, a soil scientist at
the University of Maryland and member of the Chesapeake Bay Commission. "We
certainly think it's just as important to maintain farm profitability in the
mid-Atlantic as in the Midwest."

Farmers would receive "green payments" for preserving lands from development,
restoring wetlands and planting buffer strips of vegetation around fields to
stem the flow of pollution into area waterways.

In addition, farmers in the Chesapeake states -- Maryland, Virginia and
Pennsylvania -- could be paid to help launch a pilot project in which the U.S.
Department of Agriculture would pay them to apply up to 25 percent less
fertilizer to corn crops.

The program is designed to change farmers' habit of over-applying fertilizer to
maximize crop yields. In many years, because of weather and other factors, the
crops do not use all the fertilizer and the excess washes into creeks and rivers
that feed into the bay.

"This has the potential of changing behavior and not costing money forever,"
said Ann Pesiri Swanson, executive director of the Chesapeake Bay Commission,
the legislative arm of the cleanup effort.

"If the premise proves true that you don't have to apply that much fertilizer to
get the desired yield, then in a few years you wouldn't need this program
because farmers would just apply less," she said.

Scientists also hope to launch a program in the Chesapeake region in which
farmers would be paid to grow grasses that absorb carbon and nitrogen from the
air and soil. Eventually, power plants and other polluters could subsidize such
crops to offset their emissions, and the grasses could be harvested and burned
to produce energy.

"We really historically have not put any money into funding people for
stewardship of private land, even though half of this country is owned by
farmers," said Tim Searchinger, an attorney for Environmental Defense, an
advocacy group that supports the conservation proposals.

In the Chesapeake region, agricultural runoff contributes nearly half of the
nitrogen pollution that reduces water quality and can lead to fish kills and
algae blooms.

"The bottom line is there's no way we could solve a lot of these water quality
problems without doing this, and the farm bill is a mechanism for making that
happen," Searchinger said.

Additional funds devoted to existing federal programs could remove backlogs of
farmers who have applied to programs that pay them to stem the loss of farmland
to suburban sprawl and development and the erosion of prime farmland.

Currently, there is a backlog of nearly 100,000 acres that farmers in Maryland,
Virginia and Pennsylvania have applied to enroll in the federal Farmland
Protection Program, which pays them to forgo their development rights.

The proposed changes to the farm bill would begin to shift a subsidy system that
has been structured to reward the biggest farmers, who receive 84 percent of
federal cash payments even though they represent less than one-fourth of the
country's 2 million farmers.

Shifting subsidies to farmers in the Chesapeake region could significantly boost
a unique cleanup program that began 17 years ago and has been endorsed by the
governors of Maryland, Virginia and Pennsylvania.

Because of its low oxygen levels, which starve aquatic grasses and fish, the
Chesapeake Bay has been listed as impaired by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency.

Federal scientists helping with the effort estimate that states will have to
reduce the flow of nitrogen into the Chesapeake by about 100 million pounds each
year over the next decade or risk a federal takeover of the bay cleanup effort.

Current fertilizer and nutrient management plans that farmers are using will
lower nitrogen runoff by about 41 million pounds a year, according to models
developed by the EPA's Bay Program Office.

Expanding current federal conservation and restoration programs on farms
throughout the watershed and launching the new yield reserve and
carbon-reduction programs could stem the flow of an additional 26 million pounds
of nitrogen into the bay, scientists estimate.

"Every time you plant another mile of grass runways to stop erosion, slow the
water down and plant trees and grass to filter it before it gets to the bay, all
that helps," said James Clark, a former Maryland senator who has planted 40
acres of grass buffers around streams that meander through his 548-acre farm in
Howard County. "You've got to try, because the bay is not getting any better."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                            December 17, 2010 Friday

Open the floodgates (of govt money)

BYLINE: Mikoto Hata and Yoshiteru Kobuchi, Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writers,
Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 868 words


Prime Minister Naoto Kan's decision not to appeal a high court ruling ordering
the opening of drainage gates in the Isahaya Bay dike could cause a flood--of
money, that is, from state coffers to pay for problems related to the decision.

Keeping the gates open could damage farms on reclaimed land inside the Nagasaki
Prefecture bay as well as the local fishing industry, for which the government
could have to pay massive sums in compensation.

Many issues remain before this seemingly unstoppable public works project can
actually end.

"Other farmers told me their harvests were really poor after this summer's
severe heat, but since the reclaimed land is fertile and there's lots of water,
we'll get a good crop of potatoes. But now the government has decided not to
appeal the ruling," said Susumu Ikeda, a 62-year-old farmer from Unzen, Nagasaki
Prefecture.

Ikeda started farming on the reclaimed land in the bay in the spring of 2008. He
raises potatoes and onions on a 3.5-hectare plot, and has just recently started
to feel the prospects for farming on the reclaimed areas are good. Therefore,
the government's decision came as quite a shock.

"It's unbelievable. I'm very worried. What will happen to the farms on the
reclaimed land?" he said.

The 41 individuals and corporations who farm in the bay feel betrayed by the
government, since it was the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry that
launched the farming project by reclaiming land.

Not appealing to the Supreme Court will finalize the Fukuoka High Court's
ruling, which acknowledged a cause-and-effect relationship between keeping the
gates closed and damage to local fisheries. Many see it as a de facto rejection
by the central government of the ministry's program.

However, farm minister Michihiko Kano denied this claim. "[It wasn't a
rejection,] it was a difference of opinion that resulted in a political decision
[by Kan]," Kano said Wednesday.

Kano: We can't foot whole bill

The Isahaya Bay land reclamation project has been called a typical example of a
public works project unable to be stopped once it gets started.

More than 250 billion yen was invested in the project during the 20 years since
construction began in 1989. The purpose of the project when first conceived in
the 1950s was to increase food production. In the 1960s, the government thought
the dike could also contribute to flood-control efforts.

When the floodgates are finally left open around the clock, fresh water inside
the reservoir will flow out to the sea and seawater will pour in with the ebb
and flow of the tide.

Farmers on reclaimed land currently use water from the reservoir, but there will
likely be a need to find an alternative water source when the water inside the
dike becomes mixed with seawater as expected. Opening the gates may also disturb
earth and sand on the sea bottom, which could harm the fishing environment in
Isahaya Bay, some experts warned.

The ministry and the Nagasaki prefectural government estimated that preventing
such a situation, which could include some underwater construction, would
require more than 60 billion yen.

On Wednesday Kano touched on the need for an injection of funds from state
coffers. "It will be difficult for the farm ministry alone [to provide the
funds]. We have to tackle this issue as a project of the entire government,"
Kano said.

Kan wants the ball

On Wednesday morning, Kan, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshito Sengoku and Kano met
in Kan's executive office in the Prime Minister's Office, according to sources.

Sengoku reportedly asked Kan to make a decision on the high court ruling,
saying, "Since the agriculture minister is going to [Isahaya] tomorrow, we
should decide on the matter today."

"Leave it up to me to make a political decision. This ruling should not be
appealed to the Supreme Court," Kan reportedly insisted, and Sengoku acceded.

Kan has said publicly several times that wasteful public works projects should
be reviewed, and the Isahaya Bay land reclamation project is one Kan seems to
feel especially strongly about.

At the forefront of the opposition to the project, he has visited Nagasaki
Prefecture a number of times since 1997 when the drainage gates were completely
closed. He consistently argued the project should be reviewed, even if it meant
wasting the 250 billion yen spent on it to date.

Sengoku and the farm ministry thought conducting research by opening the gates
for a set period of time might be necessary. However, they thought the high
court ruling ordering the gates be kept open for five years was too extreme and
supported an appeal to the Supreme Court.

Despite this, Kan made the final decision not to appeal.

"If the government appealed the ruling, Kan would be criticized for changing his
stripes," a government source said, and some observers believe Kan was worried
about how the public would react if the government appealed. However, there is
no evidence Kan listened to all sides or laid any groundwork with those
involved, such as communicating with the Nagasaki prefectural government, before
deciding.

"We found out about it on TV. It's awful," a senior Nagasaki Prefecture official
said.

Naturally, the prefectural government refused Kano's visit on Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday

Grantville pumpkin patch gets grant from USDA

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 660 words


Pumpkins aren't just for carving, and a local pumpkin patch owner has help from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to convince buyers they can use the big
orange fruit in their kitchens.

Gary Star, owner of Gary's Pumpkin Patch, recently received a $44,700 grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture through its "Value-Added Producer" program.
The money will go toward marketing pumpkins as an ingredient and developing
pumpkin-based food products.

"It's going to allow us to promote not only our pumpkins on the farm but also
testing the market for products like pumpkin doughnuts and pumpkin bars," he
said.

The pumpkin patch was one of the seven businesses in Kansas that received a
combined $384,397 from USDA through the 2014 value-added grants. Jessica Bowser,
spokeswoman for USDA's Rural Development programs in Kansas, said the grants
focus on efforts to turn an agricultural product - such as wheat, for example -
into a "value-added" product, such as flour or bread.

Some of the proposals involve changing the physical state of a food product and
then marketing and selling it, Bowser said. Other projects focus on a crop's
renewable energy potential, she said. Most of the grants relate to either
planning or marketing expenses.

Producers can make more money by selling a processed product than by selling the
raw commodity in many cases, Bowser said, but upfront expenses may deter some
from making that change. The grants can help with that, with the ultimate goal
of encouraging the businesses to expand and hire more people, she said.

"We're helping those producers to expand their reach and their financial
return," she said.

For Star, that involves developing recipes using pumpkin to post on the patch
website, www.garyspumpkinpatch.com, and attempting to arrange for a nutritionist
to have cooking demonstrations for visitors to the patch. He said he allocated
about one more acre to pie pumpkins, which weigh about five pounds and are
meatier than carving pumpkins, than he did in previous years so he can sell more
for cooking. He has eight acres with a mix of squash and assorted pumpkin
varieties.

"Increased sales of pumpkins is what I hope for," he said. "We're doing
everything we can to get it going this fall."

Some USDA grant programs involve allotting each state a certain amount of money
to distribute to qualified applicants, but the value-added grants take a
different approach, Bowser said. All applications are processed at the national
level, and money is distributed based on how much is available through the Farm
Bill and how many qualified businesses apply. Last year, Kansas had only one
successful applicant, she said.

The largest grant in Kansas this year went to Wiebe (pronounced Wee-bee) Dairy
in Durham, which received $120,000. Jason Wiebe, who owns the dairy farm with
his wife Sheri Wiebe, said the money will be used for maintenance and operating
expenses, improving cash flow so they can save to upgrade and expand their
cheese plant. About one-third of the milk their cows' produce goes into cheese,
he said, and that is about as much as the plant can handle.

"The money is going to trickle in over the next two years," he said.

Of the seven businesses that received grants, only one didn't involve food
products. AgMark, which was created by three farmers cooperatives and is based
in Beloit, received $75,000 to study the feasibility of converting grain
sorghum, also known as milo, into chemicals, with some going into animal feed.
Most grain sorghum is sold as feed or processed to make ethanol.

Mark Hafliger, commodity manager for AgMark, said technology already exists to
make sorghum into butane and acetane, chemicals that are used in paint and
cosmetics. The question, however, is whether doing so would make financial
sense, he said, and if the study suggests it would, they will use those
conclusions to attract investors.

"It's just going to explore the feasibility of using milo and converting it," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            January 18, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

For the gardener in winter ... buy bonds

BYLINE: Tom Atwell staff writer

SECTION: HOME & GARDEN; Maine Gardener; Pg. G1

LENGTH: 983 words


Buy now, save later is the rule for many garden centers, farm stands and seed
catalogs.

The idea of bringing in some money during the winter when business is slow is
not new for the companies, but with the economy struggling, more customers are
looking for bargains and more companies are trying to do something.

''We can't sit here and chew our fingernails,'' said Jeff O'Donal, owner and
president of O'Donal's Nursery in Gorham, ''because we need them to hold on
with.''

Skillins Greenhouses, with locations in Falmouth, Brunswick and Cumberland, is
entering the 19th year of its Spring Bond program in which people spend $37.50
for a bond in February and March and redeem it for $50 worth of plants and
merchandise down the road, said Mike Skillin.

Customers can buy as many bonds as they want. If a household is planning a major
landscape project, Skillins' staff would come up with a plan and figure out a
budget, and the customer could buy bonds to pay for the entire project, a
savings of 25 percent.

''A bunch of family and close management were around the table when Terry
Skillin, my cousin, said he had this crazy idea,'' Mike Skillin recalled. The
bonds were born, and have been very successful - so much so that other companies
have borrowed the idea, he said.

The cash flow that the bonds bring in is very significant at what is a slow time
for business, Mike Skillin said, and the bonds help to create a bond with the
customers.

Estabrook's in Yarmouth calls its product ''Estabucks,'' and it offers the same
25 percent discount.

Tom Estabrook said the company started selling them at Christmas. They can be
purchased online, will be sold at the Portland Flower Show, and will be good at
the company's Yarmouth and Scarborough locations.

''This gives us an opportunity to get some cash flow,'' Estabrook said, ''but it
also brings the customer in the door.''

In addition, the sale of the Estabucks will give them some indication of how
many plants they will need in the spring.

Ginny Moody of Moody's in Saco calls her product ''Green Coupons.'' Initially
they were good only for plants, but she quickly switched to let them be good for
anything in the store. She started selling them before Christmas, and some
people did give the coupons as Christmas presents, which means recipients get a
larger gift.

O'Donal's skips the idea of coupons and simply offers people a 10 percent
discount during March.

''What we did last year,'' Jeff O'Donal said, ''is tell people at the flower
show, we would simply give them a 10 percent discount on anything ordered and
paid for during March.''

At Longfellow Greenhouse in Manchester, retail manager Heather Nadeau said they
have not instituted an early-purchase discount, but they do have a
customer-loyalty program, in which people get coupons throughout the year and
coupons after they have reached certain thresholds in spending.

Those were the nurseries I called, and they are among the largest in southern
Maine. Ask the people at your favorite nursery if they have a similar program.

SHARE AND SHARE ALIKE

The above companies are mostly about landscape, although the discounts would
apply to vegetable seedlings and seeds at most of the companies. But you also
can get discounts on vegetables from your local farm stands.

Ramona Snell of Snell's Family Farm in Buxton said the offering is part of the
Community-Supported Agriculture program.

''In the pure Community-Supported Agriculture model,'' she said, ''an individual
buys a share in a farm and gets a percentage of that farm's produce on a weekly
basis throughout the season. If the farm is successful, they do well. If it
isn't, they take a loss as well as the farm does.''

The Snells have adjusted the pure CSA model so that instead of giving investors
a basket of vegetables chosen by the farm, it lets them pay for their vegetables
before the season starts at a 10 percent discount. For example, if a customer
pays $90 in March, she can buy $100 worth of food at the farm stand throughout
the summer.

Snell said saving money isn't really the goal of most of the customers in the
program.

''The people who sign up are more interested in supporting local family farms,''
she said. ''The discount is secondary. It is not people who are down and out who
are doing this.''

But across the state, there are farms that will even let people do work on the
farm for a share of its vegetables.

A list of Community-Supported Agriculture farms is available at the Maine
Organic Farmers & Gardeners Web site, www.mofga.org. Click on the Resources
button in the green bar at the top of the home page and you can get to the CSA
list by county.


EARLY-BIRD SPECIAL

There are so many garden catalogs out there that I am not going to go through
all of them. But many offer incentives to order early. Sometimes it is a free
gift or sometimes it is a percentage off the total price.

But overall, it pays to get your orders in early.


OUT OF THE MAPLE BUSINESS

In talking with Ramona Snell about the various discounts above, Snell said she
and her husband are getting out of the maple-syrup business this year after
decades of producing it.

''We were really very small, and most of the trees weren't on our property,''
she said.

She said that with the cost of diesel, both for driving around to collect the
syrup and to boil the sap, it did not make sense to do it anymore. And even
though the fuel price has dropped since, they wanted to cut down on their time
commitment.

When the Snells first started producing syrup, they did not have any
greenhouses. And now syrup production is a task that they have to do after the
greenhouse work is done.

Ramona Snell says there is a possibility that a syrup producer with a
reverse-osmosis machine may take over some of the trees the Snells had tapped.

She stresses that the rest of the family farm operation will continue.


Tom Atwell can be contacted at 791-6362 or at:

tatwell@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Horse Pond Dam project is on again

BYLINE: Bradford L. Miner, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 229 words

DATELINE: NORTH BROOKFIELD


The on-again, off-again Horse Pond Dam reconstruction project is on again, with
promised federal funding and a spring construction start likely.

The project had been on track for completion by year's end but was moved to the
back burner when the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development program
ran out of money this year.

Water Department Superintendent Stephen Jones said the new commitment of
$248,000 in grant money and $992,000 in a low-interest loan will allow bid
packages to go out in January and construction to begin in the spring.

Daniel R. Beaudette, Rural Development community program director, said the town
had requested a loan of $316,000 and a grant of $924,000.

Mr. Beaudette said a "continuing resolution" allocation allowed Rural
Development to offer the town money to put the project back on track.

The initial contract, which would have tapped federal stimulus money, is no
longer available and the contract will be rewritten to remove provisions
specific to that program.

Horse Pond Dam holds back the town's sole surface drinking water supply and has
been labeled a high-hazard dam by the state Office of Dam Safety.

The town is under a consent order from the Department of Conservation and
Recreation to rebuild the spillway, replace a rusted shut low-level drain valve,
remove vegetation from the dam and stabilize the downstream slope with rip-rap.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
T&G Staff/MARK C. IDE
Water flows over the Horse Pond Dam in 2008. The state has declared it highly
dangerous.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 31, 2001 Friday

Veneman: Food safety, environment need more money; Broader farm policy: Ag
secretary says Bush administration will focus on issues besides subsidies

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a8

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congress needs to look beyond traditional support programs for grain and cotton
in overhauling federal farm policy and devote more money to food safety, pest
prevention, nutrition and the environment, Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman
said Thursday.

"We really need to look at the whole food system and the agriculture system much
differently than we have in the past," Veneman said in an interview with The
Associated Press.

The Bush administration is developing principles for farm policy to guide
Congress as lawmakers rewrite laws governing a host of spending and regulatory
programs that expire next year. Legislation approved by the House Agriculture
Committee in July would guarantee a steady flow of money to the same grain and
cotton farmers who have gotten the lion's share of federal farm spending.

Veneman declined to judge the bill, which the House is expected to take up the
second week of September.

"It has some good things and some things that people are going to have different
reactions to," she said.

But she said the administration's agricultural policy will emphasize a number of
issues besides farm subsidies, including food-safety programs and efforts to
prevent the introduction of mad cow and foot-and-mouth diseases. Environmental
issues and the food-stamp program also will be addressed.

Many foodborne pathogens now confronting the food industry, such as E. coli
O157:H7, were virtually unheard of a few years ago, she said.

Grain and cotton account for about 20 percent of the nation's agricultural
production, said Veneman, who grew up on a California peach farm.

"If you don't look at the food and farm system today through a more holistic
approach you're leaving out much of agriculture and much of our production."

Veneman rose through the ranks of the Agriculture Department in the 1980s and
early 1990s to take the department's No. 2 post under the previous Bush
administration. She later served as California's agriculture commissioner.

She generally has received high marks from consumer advocates for sticking with
food safety initiatives taken by the Clinton administration over the opposition
of the meat industry.

Her first action on food regulation was to move forward with bacterial-testing
requirements for processed meat. Industry groups say the rules, which could
still be revised, go too far. Later, she junked industry-sought changes in
standards for meat that the government supplies to schools.

She said the chances of mad-cow disease getting into the United States from
Europe were "very, very slim to none."

However, she said the government needs to do more research into the disease,
bovine spongiform encephalopathy, and develop tests that could detect it in live
cattle.

This week, she sent the department's budget director and her top deputies for
research and regulation to USDA's main mad-cow research laboratory in Ames,
Iowa, to assess its needs.

On other issues:

* She said American farmers will lose foreign markets unless the United States
can negotiate new trade agreements. The administration wants Congress to give it
the authority to enter into agreements that cannot be amended by lawmakers, only
approved or rejected.

* She said she doesn't know whether participation in the federal food-stamp
program is too low. However, her department is considering reducing paperwork
required of applicants, she said.

Food-stamp rolls have fallen from 25.5 million in 1996 to 17 million.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug - Ann Veneman

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday

Ballot measure asks Chico State to save more water

BYLINE: By LARRY MITCHELL-Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 765 words


CHICO   A ballot measure students will vote on this week asks Chico State
University to do a better job of conserving water.

The measure calls for Chico State to, among other things, install low-flow
sprinkler heads on the campus irrigation system. It accuses the campus of
wasting millions of gallons of water.

The measure is on the ballot in Associated Students (AS) elections, which run
today through Thursday.

A statement supporting the ballot measure says Cal Water, the local water
utility, offered the university free low-flow sprinkler nozzles, but Chico State
turned down the offer.

Mike Pembroke, district manager for Cal Water in Chico, said his company made
the offer a couple of years ago as part of its overall water-conservation
program. He said meetings were held with Chico State officials on the offer.

Why the campus didn't want the free nozzles is a puzzle, he said. "There were
times I thought we were headed in the right direction, but for whatever reason,
it fell through."

Jim Pushnik, who heads a campus unit that focuses on conservation, said it's
unfortunate no agreement was reached with Cal Water.

"There was a breakdown in communications," he said. "I'm hoping we can resolve
that." He plans to meet with Pembroke soon, he said.

Joe Wills, a spokesman for the campus, said Chico State has its own program to
revamp irrigation systems.

A campus website says Chico State students, faculty and staff have been working
to redesign and reconstruct irrigation systems to save water. The work is being
done through the College of Agriculture.

The website says there are 585 "irrigation zones" on campus. Since May of 2005,
it says, 20 of them have been revamped, and plans are in the works to redo
another 20.

The water-conservation ballot measure was developed by students in professor
Mark Stemen's Environmental Thought and Action class.

"At one point, every sprinkler head on campus could have been replaced at no
cost to the university through Cal Water, and yet they were denied," Kaycee
Green, one of Stemen's students, wrote in an email to this newspaper.

Professor Mike Spiess, who teaches agriculture classes on irrigation, said
improving the campus sprinkling system significantly may not be as simple as
installing low-flow nozzles. Every zone presents a unique challenge, and it
seems unlikely one type of nozzle would work in every zone, he said.

Green said students in Stemen's class are convinced the university is not doing
what's necessary to reduce water use for irrigation on campus.

More can be done to conserve water, Pushnik said. However, Chico State has
reduced its overall water use significantly in the last few years, he added.
"The campus is making a huge effort in terms of water conservation."

Pembroke said his company's low-flow sprinkler nozzles use new technology that
enables them to provide just the amount of water lawns need.

He said he believed the city of Chico has put in about 20,000 of Cal Water's
free nozzles in parks and strips of lawn, saving a lot of water and money.

Cal Water promotes water conservation for a couple of reasons, he said. For one
thing, "it's the right thing to do. There's no sense in pumping and wasting it."

Also, state laws require water utilities to conserve water, he said. "We have to
meet a 20 percent reduction in gallons per capita per day by 2020."

Reach Larry Mitchell at 896-7759 orlmitchell@chicoer.com or on Twitter,
@LarryMitchell7.

CSUC students to vote on tobacco ban

Staff Reports

CHICO   Among other things, this week's Associated Students (AS) election at
Chico State University will ask students if they favor banning the use of
tobacco products throughout the 23-campus California State University (CSU)
system.

The vote is simply a poll of student opinion. It has no binding impact. The AS
put the question on the ballot.

Earlier this year, the statewide Academic Senate, which represents CSU faculty,
proposed a tobacco ban to CSU Chancellor Timothy White.

In response, White now plans to put a tobacco ban in place, said Mike Uhlenkamp,
a spokesman for the CSU. The first step will be to create a task force, which
will decide the scope of the ban and how it should be implemented.

At Chico State, smoking was banned inside all campus buildings and within 25
feet of all doorways and windows in 2008, said Joe Wills, a spokesman for the
campus. Tobacco is not sold on campus, he added.

This week's election runs Tuesday through Thursday. New AS officers will be
elected.

Jovan Smith, the AS elections coordinator, said he expected about one third of
the student body   around 4,500 students   will vote.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The lawn in front of Chico State University's Kendall Hall is seen in
this file photo taken Saturday, April 14, 2012 in Chico. The campus is accused
of wasting water by not installing low-flow sprinkler heads, which would
conserve water used in places such was lawn. (Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All
Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Stiglitz explains the Great Depression

LENGTH: 1610 words


By now seemingly everyone with access to a blog has contributed to the theory
Joseph Stiglitz
http://www.vanityfair.com/politics/2012/01/stiglitz-depression-201201|offers up
in, of all places, the new Vanity Fair, about the causes not just of the Great
Depression, but analogously, what he calls our own "Long Slump." For those who
have been tree trimming or menorah lighting, Stiglitz cites research (apparently
unpublished) with Columbia University colleague Bruce Greenwald that lays the
blame of the Great Depression on a deficiency of aggregate demand caused by
productivity increases in the still-sizable agricultural sector of the '20s and
'30s. Accelerating productivity generated overproduction, he says, which drove
down prices for farmers, which sent the banking system and the economy into a
spiraling slump. He goes on to argue that the New Deal was inadequate to the
task of supporting agriculture until structural adjustments could be made; that
could occur only with the coming of World War II and the powerful Keynesian
stimulus that moved "America, and particularly the South, decisively from
agriculture to manufacturing."



Stiglitz goes on to insist that there are strong "parallels" to our current
condition. Today manufacturing has been victimized by higher productivity gains.
What's required is a similar level of government support, though as Brad DeLong
http://delong.typepad.com/sdj/2011/12/i-dont-fully-buy-stiglitzs-argument-that-o
ur-macro-problems-have-deep-structural-roots-but-i-do-see-its-coherence.html|com
ments in his post on the Stiglitz essay, it's a little hard to discern to what
end. What's the next phase? After all, services have also been swept by
information-technology-driven productivity gains. And the future, as ever, is
uncertain.

All this has created a blogospheric scrum. Starting last week with Arnold Kling
(http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2011/10/joseph_stiglitz.html|here and with
Nick Rowe
http://econlog.econlib.org/archives/2011/12/joseph_stiglitz_1.html|here), moving
to Ryan Avent at The Economist
(http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2011/12/business-cycles-0|here and
http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2011/12/business-cycles-1|here), to
Scott Sumner (http://www.themoneyillusion.com/?p=12270|here) to DeLong to
Matthew Yglesias in Slate
(http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2011/12/14/joe_stiglitz_on_the_great_depres
sion.html|here), a fierce and often technical discussion of economic history and
macroeconomic theory has broken out. Most of these bloggers reject Stiglitz's
argument, either strongly or weakly, which after all appears in a glossy
consumer magazine and that's written in Stiglitz's "public style" for an
audience more accustomed to celebrities and scandal than discussions of
deficient demand; Lady Gaga graces the cover. (To make matters worse, Stiglitz
was recently thrashed in the blogosphere for writing a piece attacking the 1% in
a magazine that endlessly celebrates wealth.) Stiglitz has also not wrestled
with these tangled issues of economic history in the past, and his thesis runs
against the conventional economic wisdom painfully forged over many decades by
those who have -- including Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke. Stiglitz's
own description of Bernanke's belief that the Great Depression was simply a
matter of monetary errors -- too much monetary tightening -- caricatures the
former
http://www.amazon.com/Essays-Great-Depression-Ben-Bernanke/dp/0691118205/ref=sr_
1_3?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1324403668&sr=1-3|Princeton professor's position and the
general consensus of economic historians.

In characterizing all this as a theory of origins, Stiglitz has clearly struck a
nerve in that borderland where macroeconomics and politics jostle. After all, if
the Long Slump was kicked off by underlying macroeconomic and technological
shifts, then some of the favorite bogeymen of the crisis -- bankers, Wall
Streeters, regulators, deregulators, mortgage peddlers, derivatives whizzes --
drop down to a secondary or tertiary causation level. This is odd because less
than a year ago Stiglitz himself was urging that many of these folks be tossed
summarily into jail; and that even if there were no current laws to put them
there, new laws should be written to insure accountability. He doesn't touch on
that that issue here.

That said, I'm simply not equipped to wade into the technical debate, though it
is fascinating and it does open up yet another window into the contingency and
uncertainty of economics and economic history. DeLong, for instance, rises to
argue that while he doesn't necessarily agree with Stiglitz, he does think the
Nobel Prize winner makes a "coherent" argument -- a virtue other bloggers, like
Sumner and Rowe, deny him entirely. (Carleton University's Rowe: "You just can't
do macro like that. It all goes wrong from the very beginning.") DeLong himself
tries to parse, with a discrete chuckle, the differences that exist by drawing
distinctions between economic Wicksellians and Fisherians:

"I think it is because Stiglitz is at bottom a Wicksellian and Rowe is a
Fisherian. A Wicksellian is a believer that the key equation in macro is the
flow-of-funds equation S = I + (G-T), savings S equals planned investment I plus
government borrowing (G-T), and that the money market exists to feed the flow
-of-funds an interest rate that has a (limited) influence on planned investment
I. A Fisherian is a believer that the key equation in macro is the money
market's quantity theory equation PY = MV(i), and that the flow-of-funds exists
to feed the quantity theory an interest rate that has a (limited) influence on
velocity V.

"Thus they have a hard time communicating. From the Fisherian viewpoint, the
Wicksellians are talking nonsense because they spend their time on things that
have a minor impact on velocity while ignoring the obvious shortage of money.
From the Wicksellian viewpoint, the Fisherians are talking nonsense by ignoring
the obvious fact that movements in money induce offsetting effects in velocity
unless they somehow alter the savings-investment balance.

"And it is we Hicksians, of course, synthesize both positions into a single
unified and coherent whole..."

This is a DeLongian joke that's not really a joke. Economics has more schools
and factions than Occupy Wall Street, and they fight like cats in heat. Many of
these differences may be matters of style or perspective, but others are deeply
fundamental. Consider this: Folks have been arguing over the origin of the Great
Depression since about 1930. That debate, and various provisional conclusions,
have often determined policy, good and bad. Generations of academic economists
have dedicated careers to understanding how the economy suddenly imploded,
including our own Fed chief. Various experts have poked into the structure of
Wall Street and banking; have examined monetary policy; have blamed reparations
in Europe, the Smoot-Hawley Tariff, the gold standard; recently, Republicans
have pointed shivering fingers at the New Deal. Stiglitz targets the structural
breakdown in agriculture while other gesture toward industrial overreach and
overinvestment in the '20s, and still other point toward "financialization." At
the risk of wading into a killing zone, I'd suggest that, history being history,
the causes were complex, intertwined and multifactorial: some structural break,
some policy errors, some scandal, some historical tragedies and, given the
global nature of it all, some causes (like reparations but not necessarily
agriculture) that were distinctively European -- or uniquely British, French,
Italian, German or American. Stiglitz's Great Depression appears to be an
isolated American phenomenon.

But think about it. Eighty-some years after the Great Depression, a Nobel
Prize-winning economist with a distinguished business school colleague suddenly
pops up and offers a coherent, if novel, explanation for a global cataclysm.
It's like discovering that Hitler didn't make the decision to invade Poland, but
that it was really a unilateral move by the German General Staff. It's possible,
I guess, but is it probable? And if it does have explanatory power, what does
that say about all the other folks that have looked into this? Are they stupid,
deluded, compromised, or simply lacking information? And what does this say
about all the arguments about accountability and cause in our current mess? (For
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/20/opinion/nocera-an-inconvenient-truth.html|a
fine commentary that emphasizes the complexity and contingency of our own
crisis, see Joe Nocera's column in today's New York Times on the Securities and
Exchange Commission's charges against the former chiefs of Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac.)

The problem, of course, is that Stiglitz is writing for an audience that doesn't
give a crap for the arguments of squabbling economists but that does care about
the politics of the matter, while they're drooling over the ads. Of all the
top-tier economists who feel compelled to man the public stage, he writes with
perhaps the broadest stroke. He is not offering this theory to try to encourage
academics to look into what may be an overlooked area. He is tossing it up,
without the usual peer review, because he believes strongly in the need for a
major government stimulus program. He may be exactly right about that policy.
But in making that argument, Stiglitz is further eroding the authority of a
profession that has already been severely bruised and battered. Maybe that's
good in the long run, though I suspect Stiglitz never pauses to ponder the
unintended consequence. - Robert Teitelman

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                           February 21, 2017 Tuesday

We're providing Africa's first cash cow platform -Christson, MD/CE, King Solomon
Capital Empire

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 1741 words


By Chinwendu Obienyi Dr. Wilson Christson is the Chairman/CEO of King Solomon
Capital Empire, an independent

By Chinwendu Obienyi

Dr. Wilson Christson is the Chairman/CEO of King Solomon Capital Empire, an
independent investment, project and trade finance firm with focus on Africa. He
believes Nigeria has all it takes to become a great nation, but noted that the
business community needs to discover local opportunities to grow their
potential.

Through his multidimensional company, he has partnered selected public and
private companies, government parastatals and developmental organisations in
Africa to ensure successful business undertakings. Under the country's economic
recession, he has volunteered more of his services to  help the Small and Medium
Enterprises (SMEs) segment of the economy through mentoring and capacity
building to grow beyond the challenges of recession. He recently spoke on his
firm's operation.

Our services

The services of the company include project funding, high yield investment
programmes, monetisation of instruments, financial instruments' acquisition,
certified financial trainings, commodities' trading, financial consultancy and
trade finance.

For over 30 years, Christson's hands-on knowledge and expertise has helped
thousands of clients develop winning strategies to realise competitive
advantages. King Solomon Capital Empire, is registered in both Singapore and
Nigeria and we are the premier global project funders, offshore banking services
provider and financial instruments providers. Our collateral-based funding
programmes provide innovative financing solutions to all our clients with
attractive returns on investment.

King Solomon Capital Empire is involved in the acquisition, management and
trading of several types of financial instruments and also provides these
financial instruments to clients in need of recourse collateral as well as
non-recourse collateral.

How to address economic recession

To address the Nigeria's economic recession, what Nigeria needs at the moment is

 Africa's first cash cow platform. It is a dynamic money generation platform
that provides unlimited cash flow.

The concept of financial instrument leveraging platform, though relatively
unheard of in Nigeria and most of Africa, is a financial idea that has been in
existence for over 70 years. The platform's trading protocol is often referred
to as High Yield Investment Programme or Private Placement Programme.

It is mostly engaged in by high net worth individuals, corporations, financial
institutions, pension funds, insurance companies, hedge funds and knowledgeable
governments around the world, and by invitations only.

King Solomon Capital Empire, a pioneer financial instrument trading platform in
Nigeria and Africa, can leverage on its 30 years experience in the industry to
improve the much needed cash flow of organisations to expand their businesses,
fund diversified projects and provide cash liquidity to pay employees. It is
firmly equipped with seasoned financial engineers with many years of experience
in the industry that can securely make a businessman's financial dreams come
true.

Fight against corruption

In order to make Nigerian's economy viable again, the Federal and state
governments must  do everything constitutionally possible to destroy corruption
because even if the economy is buoyant and there is still corruption, we will
still go back into recession again and again. So it is important we tackle
corruption at all levels so that people will no more convert the nation's
commonwealth into their private account and leave the youths of the country and
other less privileged Nigerians in poverty.

In addition to that I think we also need to diversify the economy, because as
long as it remained reliant on petroleum export we would continue to experience
challenges when oil prices fall in the international market. In this wise,
government must invest heavily on agriculture so we tap the potential in that
sector.

This is important because if you consider the amount of money we spend annually
on food import, you will know the impact such amount could have on other sectors
of the economy if it were not used to import food and other items we can
conveniently manufacture in this country.

Another area we as a nation should pay more attention is the solid minerals. We
have a lot of solid minerals in  Nigeria and yet we are not exploring them like
is being done in Ghana. And we are not doing anything about it . So I think the
economy has to be diversified so that we will be able to export things out to
other countries to be able to generate more forex to meet our import needs and
also stabilize the Naira exchange rate.

We cannot just keep on being a consuming nation for overseas products because by
doing that  we are not helping ourselves and  we are not creating jobs for our
youths.

As a nation and a leader in Africa Nigeria needs to balance things up in terms
of our foreign reserves and that will happen if we diversify the economy and go
back to agriculture, and take a more serious look into the mineral resources
sector.

Financial engineering

Moreover, Nigeria now needs to develop technical financial engineers who  can
create money for entrepreneurs in the economy, instead of expanding the
tentacles of borrowing to World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF)
and all that. As a nation so richly endowed, I think we don't need to borrow. I
actually think that the government needs to engage companies  like King Solomon
Financial Empire, a money generation company to be able to assist them to
generate funds that they needs to finance SMEs and startups.

I think one of the greatest mistake of government is its reliance on commercial
banks whom we know are the ones killing the economy by the way raise interest
rates on lending.

Commercial banks are the ones withholding the hands of progress of Nigeria's
economy because nobody is going to survive with the current high interest rates
charged by Nigerian banks. And as long as interest rates are high, those who
borrow will not be able to pay back their loans.  There is no reason Nigeria
cannot maintain a single digit interest rate at least for the SMEs which is the
strength of this economy.

What government should do with looted funds

First I am of opinion that the Federal Government needs to launch a non-partisan
Recovered Loots Management committee that will be able to thoroughly look into
how looted funds should be expanded. In that committee there should be  critical
accountability on all recovered stolen money so that it can be used to develop
the society, create employment opportunities and curb criminality in the
society.

Key challenge of Nigerian entrepreneurs and SMEs

Well I think its lack of capital, and inability to have access to capital to
expand their business.

Another major challenge, I see is exorbitant interest rate being charged by
commercial banks, all of these are critical elements and I think the banks need
to be innovative in trying to assist entrepreneurs with a single digit interest
rate to make things much easier for them. I say this because without such
concessions neither the SMEs nor the other companies would be able to grow. They
wont even generate enough revenue to keep them in business for long.

The problem with Nigeria's economy

Like I said before, Nigeria needs to diversify into the manufacturing,
agriculture and other areas like solid minerals sector because all the countries
with robust economies don't rely on one product. They diversify into all of
these areas and this will really open things up. There is a need also for the
bank to work with all players of these critical industries to make capital
available for them so they would be able to thrive in the economy successfully.

As for the technology and know how to drive these activities, Nigeria needs to
partner countries like China and other emerging emerging economies particularly
in Asia and Europe.

And to successfully leverage such benefits, government needs to create conducive
environment for foreign investors to be able to come in and partner the local
operators to open up the economy and create more jobs to make the country more
vibrant. That is what we need to do, because China is more flexible as a country
and we would go a long way if we are able to produce what the Chinese are
producing or what the Europeans and Americans are producing and selling it, we
can partner with them.

We can conveniently do this because over 70 percent of Nigerians are young so we
have energy  and tremendous opportunities with such labour force. We must try to
partner with foreigners to open up opportunities. I know that when you knock
down the taxes and all that, more businesses would come up.

How government can mobilise youth into agriculture

Agriculture is one sector that can really turn things around in this country but
governments seem to be paying only lip service. Notwithstanding, government can
create a new awareness about the potential of this sector and the  diverse
opportunities within the agricultural sector.

In this regard there old be a need of a re-orientation programme which will
begin to see agriculture no more in the light it is viewed as an occupation for
illiterate villagers but as business that can create agro-billionaires. So we
must let the young ones know that if they go into agriculture, they can become
as rich as Dangote and other billionaires in the world. It is big challenge to
preach this message to change people's perception about agriculture but I
believe if we do we all be happy at the end of the day.

This will encourage the young ones to go into agriculture, its still in the
mindset of the young ones that agriculture is not for me.But in order to
stimulate the awareness of the youth, government need to create an awareness
programme whereby those who have been extremely successful in the sector would
be chosen as mentors and role models for them to know. In that case it would now
be oh  if these people can make it, we also can make it.

About King Solomon Capital Empire and impact so far On the business community

Its really been  a lot within its covers but our ultimate goal really, is to be
able to influence the society when it comes to capital provision and also as a
premium alternative funding company bringing a lot of awareness to ways
investors can be able to make more money. We have a long way to go and we are
just starting.

Share

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2017 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              April 9, 2012 Monday

USDA loan, DWR water project on Butte supervisors' agenda

BYLINE: By ROGER H. AYLWORTH - Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 509 words


OROVILLE -- Securing a construction loan can be a pain for anybody, and even
Butte County is having to jump through a couple of unanticipated hoops to get a
loan.

In November, the Board of Supervisors authorized the General Services staff to
file a "pre-application" with the U.S. Department of Agriculture for a loan to
fund the construction of a first-ever Hall of Records for the county.

While it sounds a little odd to hear the USDA is going act as the loan agency to
fund a county construction project, the county staff said it is a commonplace
procedure.

Tuesday, the supervisors will be told the USDA, after looking at the
pre-application, now wants a full application.

As part of the application process, the county must hold another public hearing
on the hall project. That hearing will take place as part of the same agenda
item on Tuesday.

Also, in order for the county to reimburse itself from the loan, for costs that
have already been incurred, it must adopt a "reimbursement resolution."

If everything goes as planned, and assuming the loan is approved by the USDA,
the county will be able to spend not more than $8 million on the new hall.

The loan will be repaid with already established fees from the Clerk/Recorder's
Office, money that has been previously set aside for the project and by
redirecting money that is currently spent on rental space for the Elections
Office that will also be housed in the new facility.

In another matter, the supervisors will be asked to make official comments on
the Central Valley Flood Protection Plan and a draft environmental impact
report.

Documents presented to the supervisors by staff from the county Department of
Public Works say the staff is particularly concerned about two parts of the
plan.

One part is referred to as the "Feather River Bypass" and involves using the
Cherokee Canal, which begins at Highway 99 and Shippee Road and dumps into the
Butte Basin Overflow Area.

The county report asserts the state Department of Water Resources, which is
responsible for preparing the plan, stuck this overflow into the overall plan
with an eye to future funding and it was not properly vetted. The county urges
the bypass proposal be eliminated and improvements be made to the existing
Cherokee Canal.

The other area of concern involves structures that control the flow of some high
water into the Butte Basin Overflow Area. The DWR is proposing to lower these
structures to allow water to flow into the basin at lower levels of flooding.

The county claims lowering the level will result in more unnecessary "nuisance"
flooding over ag land when the release is not really needed. Also more common
overflows will result in damage to the flood control structures, according to
the county.

Butte County has no veto over the DWR's proposal, but it does have a right to
comment on the plan.

PUBLIC MEETING

Butte County Board of Supervisors

9 a.m. Tuesday

Supervisors Chambers,

County Center Drive, Oroville

Staff writer Roger H. Aylworth can be reached at 896-7762,
raylworth@chicoer.com, or on Twitter @RogerAylworth.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              April 9, 2012 Monday

USDA loan, DWR water project on Butte supervisors' agenda

BYLINE: By ROGER H. AYLWORTH - Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 509 words


OROVILLE -- Securing a construction loan can be a pain for anybody, and even
Butte County is having to jump through a couple of unanticipated hoops to get a
loan.

In November, the Board of Supervisors authorized the General Services staff to
file a "pre-application" with the U.S. Department of Agriculture for a loan to
fund the construction of a first-ever Hall of Records for the county.

While it sounds a little odd to hear the USDA is going act as the loan agency to
fund a county construction project, the county staff said it is a commonplace
procedure.

Tuesday, the supervisors will be told the USDA, after looking at the
pre-application, now wants a full application.

As part of the application process, the county must hold another public hearing
on the hall project. That hearing will take place as part of the same agenda
item on Tuesday.

Also, in order for the county to reimburse itself from the loan, for costs that
have already been incurred, it must adopt a "reimbursement resolution."

If everything goes as planned, and assuming the loan is approved by the USDA,
the county will be able to spend not more than $8 million on the new hall.

The loan will be repaid with already established fees from the Clerk/Recorder's
Office, money that has been previously set aside for the project and by
redirecting money that is currently spent on rental space for the Elections
Office that will also be housed in the new facility.

In another matter, the supervisors will be asked to make official comments on
the Central Valley Flood Protection Plan and a draft environmental impact
report.

Documents presented to the supervisors by staff from the county Department of
Public Works say the staff is particularly concerned about two parts of the
plan.

One part is referred to as the "Feather River Bypass" and involves using the
Cherokee Canal, which begins at Highway 99 and Shippee Road and dumps into the
Butte Basin Overflow Area.

The county report asserts the state Department of Water Resources, which is
responsible for preparing the plan, stuck this overflow into the overall plan
with an eye to future funding and it was not properly vetted. The county urges
the bypass proposal be eliminated and improvements be made to the existing
Cherokee Canal.

The other area of concern involves structures that control the flow of some high
water into the Butte Basin Overflow Area. The DWR is proposing to lower these
structures to allow water to flow into the basin at lower levels of flooding.

The county claims lowering the level will result in more unnecessary "nuisance"
flooding over ag land when the release is not really needed. Also more common
overflows will result in damage to the flood control structures, according to
the county.

Butte County has no veto over the DWR's proposal, but it does have a right to
comment on the plan.

PUBLIC MEETING

Butte County Board of Supervisors

9 a.m. Tuesday

Supervisors Chambers,

County Center Drive, Oroville

Staff writer Roger H. Aylworth can be reached at 896-7762,
raylworth@chicoer.com, or on Twitter @RogerAylworth.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                              April 8, 2012 Sunday

USDA loan, DWR water project on Butte supervisors' agenda

BYLINE: By ROGER H. AYLWORTH - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 509 words


OROVILLE -- Securing a construction loan can be a pain for anybody, and even
Butte County is having to jump through a couple of unanticipated hoops to get a
loan.

In November, the Board of Supervisors authorized the General Services staff to
file a "pre-application" with the U.S. Department of Agriculture for a loan to
fund the construction of a first-ever Hall of Records for the county.

While it sounds a little odd to hear the USDA is going act as the loan agency to
fund a county construction project, the county staff said it is a commonplace
procedure.

Tuesday, the supervisors will be told the USDA, after looking at the
pre-application, now wants a full application.

As part of the application process, the county must hold another public hearing
on the hall project. That hearing will take place as part of the same agenda
item on Tuesday.

Also, in order for the county to reimburse itself from the loan, for costs that
have already been incurred, it must adopt a "reimbursement resolution."

If everything goes as planned, and assuming the loan is approved by the USDA,
the county will be able to spend not more than $8 million on the new hall.

The loan will be repaid with already established fees from the Clerk/Recorder's
Office, money that has been previously set aside for the project and by
redirecting money that is currently spent on rental space for the Elections
Office that will also be housed in the new facility.

In another matter, the supervisors will be asked to make official comments on
the Central Valley Flood Protection Plan and a draft environmental impact
report.

Documents presented to the supervisors by staff from the county Department of
Public Works say the staff is particularly concerned about two parts of the
plan.

One part is referred to as the "Feather River Bypass" and involves using the
Cherokee Canal, which begins at Highway 99 and Shippee Road and dumps into the
Butte Basin Overflow Area.

The county report asserts the state Department of Water Resources, which is
responsible for preparing the plan, stuck this overflow into the overall plan
with an eye to future funding and it was not properly vetted. The county urges
the bypass proposal be eliminated and improvements be made to the existing
Cherokee Canal.

The other area of concern involves structures that control the flow of some high
water into the Butte Basin Overflow Area. The DWR is proposing to lower these
structures to allow water to flow into the basin at lower levels of flooding.

The county claims lowering the level will result in more unnecessary "nuisance"
flooding over ag land when the release is not really needed. Also more common
overflows will result in damage to the flood control structures, according to
the county.

Butte County has no veto over the DWR's proposal, but it does have a right to
comment on the plan.

PUBLIC MEETING

Butte County Board of Supervisors

9 a.m. Tuesday

Supervisors Chambers,

County Center Drive, Oroville

Staff writer Roger H. Aylworth can be reached at 896-7762,
raylworth@chicoer.com, or on Twitter @RogerAylworth.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Weekend Australian

                           January 29, 2000, Saturday

Can these men save the Murray?

BYLINE: BEN MITCHELL, STEPHEN BROOK, MATTHEW SPENCER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 654 words


SAVING the Murray River will require a revolution in Australia's land use
practices and billions of dollars in public and private spending, scientists,
environmentalists and farmers said yesterday.

Leading experts on the Murray said the new natural resource management taskforce
must be prepared to make bold decisions.

The taskforce comprises four senior ministers, who will report to cabinet with
proposed solutions to the Murray-Darling basin crisis as part of a broader
review of natural resources management.

Deputy Prime Minister John Anderson, Treasurer Peter Costello, Environment
Minister Robert Hill and Forestry and Fisheries Minister Warren Truss will hand
in the first of their reports in May.

CSIRO land and water chief Graham Harris said the taskforce must first address
the issue of water efficiency.

"We've got to decrease how much water we're taking out through efficiencies, but
also how much cleaner water we're putting back," Dr Harris said.

The taskforce should recommend replacing agricultural practices with "cleaner
and greener" farming or other forms of productive land use such as
agro-forestry. "This isn't rocket science -- it's actually a lot more
difficult," he said.

Peter Cullen, chief executive of the Co-operative Research Centre for Freshwater
Ecology, said the first priority should be to increase environmental flows in
the Murray.

"That will mean removing unneeded dams and barrages and a lot of other
unnecessary water management infrastructure. That is going to cost a lot of
money, but the impact on fish life and the river flow would be enormous,"
Professor Cullen said.

The taskforce must also bring all levels of government together to establish
national strategies to save the river. "At the moment each state regards its
interests too highly. That must change," he said.

Murray River irrigators believe river management practices must be overhauled.
Murray Irrigation Limited chairman Bill Hetherington said too much water was
being diverted to regions where it was unnecessary.

He said the taskforce should also recommend a massive increase in spending on
irrigation infrastructure to reduce water losses through the existing open-earth
system.

Tim Fisher, Natural Resources campaigner for the Australian Conservation
Foundation, is seeking a halt on land clearing.

"The taskforce should also wind back irrigated agriculture, restore river health
through increased environmental flows and habitat restoration and halt the
growing trend in salinity by planting more trees," he said.

The taskforce will also review National Heritage Trust projects. More than $226
million in National Heritage Trust (NHT) grants have been earmarked for the
Murray-Darling basin from 1998 to 2001, but the process has been attacked as too
bureaucratic.

South Australian National Party leader Karlene Maywald said there was concern
that a lot of NHT money was going to consultants.

A spokesman for Environment Minister Robert Hill said the scheme was funded
through to June 2002.

And where should they start?

What the experts say:

Graham Harris, head of Land and Water division, CSIRO -- Increase water
efficiency in irrigation and town water use. Extract less, recycle more.
Re-invent farming systems with cleaner and greener agricultural practices.

Peter Cullen, chief executive of the Co-operative Research Centre for Freshwater
Ecology -- Maintain the cap on water use and increase environmental flows
through the removal of dams and unnecessary barriers.

Tim Fisher, Australian Conservation Foundation -- Stop land-clearing, reduce
irrigation allocations, increase environmental flows, plant more trees to combat
salinity and introduce measures to protect biodiversity.

Bill Hetherington, chairman Murray Irrigation Limited -- Improve river
management practices, reducing the amount of water directed towards regions
where it is not needed.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 11, 2012 Saturday

State govt to assess banks' work every six months

BYLINE: Abhay Singh

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 565 words


PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said on Friday the state government has
devised a set of four-point parameters to assess the performance of banks in the
state so as to prioritize the banks with whom it would deposit its money from
the next financial year. The bankers have concurred with it.

It has been done to ensure increased activity in four prime areas -- credit flow
in the agriculture sector and priority lending sector as well as for brisk
distribution of Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs) and overall improvement of the
credit-deposit (CD) ratio. The non-performing banks, accordingly, would be
eventual losers in getting the huge chunk of government money that, otherwise,
constitute a major portion of their deposits.

The parameters so devised would come into operation from April 1 this year, and
performance of the banks would be assessed every sixth month, Modi said on the
sidelines of the State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) meeting held here on the
day.

Every commercial bank, nationalized or private, would have to score high on each
of the four parameters as they carry a minimum "pass points" of 33 in all to
come in the priority list to get deposits of the government money. Separately,
the minimum "pass point" on performance on the CD ratio of a bank is 20,
followed by five each for loan disbursement in agriculture sector and priority
lending sector, and three points for distribution of KCCs -- a total of minimum
33 points.

Besides, as Modi said, a bank will not qualify to get government deposits if the
CD ratio achieved by it is less than 30 per cent, priority sector lending less
than 80 per cent, agriculture sector lending less than 75 per cent, and KCC
distribution less than 40 per cent of its targets in the respective four
activities.

"Some parameters were applied earlier also while choosing a bank with which the
government used to deposit its

money, but now the parameters have been made more scientific," he said, adding
that it would have good effect on the banks to increase their loan disbursement
activities in the areas concerned.

According to Modi, banks' performance under the annual credit plan (ACP)
indicated that loan disbursement has been less than satisfactory this fiscal.
Against the annual target of Rs 43,200 crore under ACP, only Rs 23,000 crore of
loan (53 per cent of the target) had been achieved till December last year.
Similarly, against the target of Rs 21,101 crore worth of agriculture loan, only
Rs 10,830 crore (51 per cent) was achieved. The Centre has stressed on
disbursement of Rs 4.75 lakh crore worth of agriculture loan at the country
level in the current fiscal, he said.

Even as the amount disbursed under the KCCs had increased to Rs 7,293 crore till
December 31, 2011, compared to Rs 4,417 crore during the same period in 2010,
banks could distribute only 5.87 lakh new KCCs till December, 2011, against an
annual target of 15 lakh, Modi said, adding that the state's CD ratio was 35.16
per cent. The CD ratio could have been 36.43 per cent if loan worth Rs 1,589
crore had not been written off.

Significantly, all identified weavers of 10 districts in the state carrying
identity cards issued by the Centre would get Bunkar Credit Cards (BCCs) at a
faster rate from April this year. Such weavers, accordingly, would get a loan of
Rs 2 lakh each on BCC to carry out their activities, he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday
                         Advocate First Edition Edition

Decades of work tied to farming

BYLINE: LIBBY BINGHAM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 542 words


FOR more than four decades, one of the state's top achievers in agriculture has
had a box seat to see how vitally important farming really is to the region as
well as the challenges it faces.

Buz Green, of Devonport, has based his long career on the research and
innovation side of how to farm better.

Mr Green has been made a Member of the Order of Australia for significant
service to agriculture, particularly to horticultural sustainability, research
and production agronomy, and to the community.

He said because of the way technology was embraced and the techniques being used
by farmers getting high-quality results, Tasmania and the North-West food bowl
was up with the best regions in the world.

"I think it's something to be proud of," Mr Green said.

He said the benefits that can flow from having a thriving agricultural industry
were key to Tasmania's future and Devonport and the region sat at the centre of
those food-based opportunities.

"I don't think people fully realise how important it is to have a thriving
agriculture industry," Mr Green said.

"If agriculture does well the money flows and everyone else does well."

Not one for the spotlight, he was surprised to receive the Australia Day
accolade but feels honoured.

"I'm very surprised and delighted to have been recognised in this way," Mr Green
said.

A modest Mr Green said he would have achieved very little on his own and was
lucky to have a lot of good people to work with over the years.

He said along with the support he'd got from the industry it was what had
inspired him to go on to do some of the things he had done.

Mr Green said Tasmania was well placed in the food industry but still needed to
act strategically.

"Tasmania has got the ability to produce high yields of excellent quality and
safe food, the things most in demand in the world," he said.

He said the state's challenges were around limited resources such as a finite
amount of land but having access to adequate water and with strategic decisions
he said there was a lot of opportunity.

Mr Green said Tasmania was fortunate to be able to grow every temperate crop and
do it well but should not try to do it all.

He applauds growers and service providers that have worked hard to increase
their knowledge and understanding of the science, agriculture and technology.

He said it was important to see farmers being well rewarded for being the best
at what they do.

"In the past farmers have had it really tough and it should be a prosperous
industry because then everyone else benefits," he said.

Mr Green was born at Smithton.

He calls himself semi-retired but remains as director and chairman of four
agricultural companies.

He has received an Ausveg lifetime achievement award.

His first job after university was field and research manager at Vecon at Forth
for five years.

In 1976, Mr Green and Mike Gow, who also worked in the vegetable industry,
established ServeAg in Devonport.

The company had four basic platforms: to provide a supply of crop protection
products and give advice, undertake research and develop technology in
agriculture.

At Vecon it was the early days of looking at how to grow things on a broader
scale.

Mr Green is also behind the "Learn Grow" project, which aims to combat famine in
Third World countries.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SURPRISED: Devonport's Buz Green has been made a Member of the Order of
Australia. Picture: Brodie Weeding.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 11, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. FARM EXPORTS UP, WITH DEMAND GREATEST SINCE'84

BYLINE: By KEITH SCHNEIDER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1144 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 10


Influenced by political, economic and meteorological trends that have converged
in recent weeks, the global demand for American farm products is stronger than
at any time since 1984, and exports are climbing, according to the Department of
Agriculture.

But while the future looks better for American agriculture, economists warn that
the factors that produced the crisis that has afflicted American farmers since
1981 have not vanished. Overproduction remains a threat, and farm policies here
and abroad that favor huge subsidies to growers must be changed to make the
American farm sector fully healthy, the experts say.

It is considered doubtful that the export situation will have much of an effect
on Presidential politics in farm states such as Iowa, whose caucuses are on Feb.
8.

Only a Fraction of the Vote

Although Iowa is a largely rural state, the farm vote is only a fraction of the
total vote, even in years when there is a crisis in the agricultural economy.
The edge has been taken off that crisis this year because of such factors as the
continued flow of subsidies from Washington and improvements in prices for
farmland.

Lower prices to buyers abroad because of the weaker dollar and Government
subsidies to American farmers and traders, and poor weather last year in Europe
and South America, are sparking new global demand for American products. The
prices paid the farmers and traders for some products have reached their highest
levels in years.

Soybeans sold for $6 a bushel in the Middle West this week, 20 percent more than
last summer, and the highest since the end of 1984, traders said. The prices for
corn, wheat, rice and cotton also are substantially above what they were last
year.

Exports of food, fiber, livestock, fruits and vegetables in the fiscal year
ending in September are expected to total 141 million metric tons worth $32
billion, according to forecasts by the Agriculture Department. Last year the
United States exported 129 million metric tons worth $27.9 billion.

The value of farm exports will exceed imports by $11.5 billion, more than double
the amount in 1986, the department said, but far below the record $26.6 billion
surplus in the farm trade balance in 1981, when exports totaled a record 163.8
million metric tons valued at $43.8 billion.

''The whole agricultural complex looks much better right now,'' said Bill
Bullard, general manager of Farmers Grain Terminal, a soybean trading company in
Greenville, Miss.

Soviet Union a Big Buyer

Among the biggest buyers is the Soviet Union, which is seeking to increase food
supplies, especially beef, pork and dairy products. Since September, according
to Tradigrain Inc., an international grain trading concern in Virginia Beach,
Va., the Russians have purchased 4.7 million metric tons of wheat, 1.6 million
metric tons of corn and 2.1 million metric tons of soybeans and soybean meal.

The Soviet Union, which is in the fifth and final year of a long-term grain
agreement with the United States, is expected to order at least four million
more tons of corn and wheat, said William Adams, Tradigrain's president,
bringing its 1988 budget for United States farm products to nearly $1.8 billion.

Economists said the spurt in buying by the Soviet Union and other nations,
including China, was propelled primarily by the sliding value of the dollar and
the United States's aggressive two-year-old farm policy law, which sharply
lowered the prices for American products. When poor weather last year hurt
harvests in important farm regions abroad, buyers turned to the American
products.

''It could be an isolated scenario,'' said Mr. Adams. ''The success of wheat
exports this year has depended on the subsidies not only to make United States
wheat competitive but also to encourage additional demand. Next year, if the
Soviets have a big crop, or China has a big crop, who knows?''

Enormous Cost to Taxpayers

The increase in exports this year has come at an enormous price to taxpayers,
several economists pointed out recently. The intent of the farm policy law,
which took effect in 1986, was to increase exports by forcing down prices and
paying farmers huge subsidies, nearly $50 billion since 1986.

Most of the money has been spent on wheat and corn. The Government paid more
than $32 billion in 1986 and 1987 to farmers who grow and traders who sell the
two crops. Exports totaled 56.6 million metric tons valued at $6.3 billion in
1986. Last year, farmers exported 67.5 million metric tons of wheat and corn but
earned $400 million less.

''It's a disastrous system,'' said Mark Ritchie, a farm trade policy analyst
with the Minnesota Department of Agriculture. ''We grew almost a billion more
bushels of corn and wheat and earned less money. On average farmers earn half of
their income from the Government. We had a greater number of foreclosures here
last week than we did last year. The farm crisis is not over.''

Cuts Forced in Foreign Output

Other experts said the farm policy law was performing as it was designed to do.
The export subsidy programs, particularly in wheat, cotton and rice, have
lowered prices for American products and forced competitors to cut back their
production. Australia produced less wheat last year than it did in years past.
Rice production in Asia fell. When demand increased, the United States was
standing in the middle of the world's grain market waiting for buyers.

The steady flow of orders has sharply reduced the surplus stocks of cotton, rice
and soybeans the Government once held in warehouses, thereby eliminating them as
an influence in the price of these commodities. After falling to record low
levels in 1986, prices have recovered and growers of these crops, particularly
cotton, are reaping sizable profits.

Even surplus stocks of wheat and corn are expected to decline after climbing for
several years, according to Government statistics. Last year, for the first time
since since the 1983 season, the nation used and exported more corn than it
produced. Surplus stocks held by the Government, which reached nearly 5 billion
bushels last September, are expected to decline to 4.3 billion bushels by the
summer.

Corn and Wheat Prices Up

A bushel of corn sold for $1.75 this week, 35 cents more than a year ago. Prices
for hard red winter wheat, the variety used to bake bread, reached $3.16 a
bushel, 58 cents more than last year.

Wheat exports are expected to total 35 million metric tons this year, 7 million
more tons than last year and, because of the price rise, worth $1.3 billion
more.

''I'm hopeful that what we're seeing is at least a minor trend in the long
term,'' said C. Lockwood Marine, senior vice president at Central Soya, a
grain-trading company in Fort Wayne, Ind. ''Hopefully, we've bottomed out and
we're moving in the right direction.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                            November 28, 2016 Monday
                                 First Edition

Jobs future is bright down on the farm;
 -----QUOTE----

SECTION: MAI; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 415  words


WA should look to farming to future-proof the economy, Agriculture Minister Mark
Lewis says, as the Barnett Government unveils a plan to find another $10 billion
to grow jobs and businesses.

Mr Lewis has also suggested the Foreign Investment Review Board should be
obliged to take greater consideration of whether an investor is willing to spend
money to improve land and infrastructure to improve productivity when screening
a deal.

The State Agriculture Minister will today release a blueprint for attracting
investment to the WA agriculture sector and said growing the farming sector
would broaden the economy to protect jobs in the face of the mining downturn.

"If you are Treasurer, where do you turn when you want jobs - it's agriculture,"
he  said.

Investment Ready, the Government's WA agribusiness report, says the State has a
lot of of mid-sized farming and pastoral businesses not meeting their full
potential, and shows how much more could be contributed to the State economy if
those businesses were supported with foreign investment.

The study found there was a shortfall of $10 billion to allow WA to tap properly
into its future growth potential and to double in size by 2025.

"Western Australia needs a wide range of new farms and new factories to spring
up; farms and factories targeting the emerging middle classes of Asia," the
report says.

The report targets specific multinational agricultural businesses such as
American company Cargill and China's WH Group as potential investors. It points
to dozens of mid-sized private and family-owned farming and agricultural
businesses in WA ripe for foreign funding.

Mr Lewis said while the State was doing what it could to bring in foreign
investment, changes could be made to the FIRB to ease the flow of overseas
capital.

"I think the limits to FIRB are too low," he said.

Mr Lewis said WA had broadly been immune to the push-back against foreign
investment in farming land seen on the east coast.

Foreign investors owned 10.9 per cent of WA agricultural land on June 30, while
13.6 per cent was held nationally by foreign interests.

Last month, Queensland independent Bob Katter led the attack on the proposed
purchase of the Kidman cattle estate because it involved Chinese money.

Gina Rinehart was eventually forced to offer reassurance she would buy the
property outright if FIRB blocked the Chinese component to the bid.

'Western Australia needs a wide range of new farms and new factories.'
Investment Ready: WA Agribusiness report

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       Basin Republican Rustler (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 31, 2011

Agriculture boosts the economy

BYLINE: Basin Republican Rustler staff

LENGTH: 442  words


Spring is here and with it brings new life. Many ranchers in the area have
nearly completed their calving season and the lambing season is just getting
under way. Livestock production in Big Horn, Park and Washakie counties account
for $100 million in income just in livestock sales, value of crops in these
three counties account for close to a $100 million a year depending on commodity
prices. Beyond that we have many goods and services in our community that a
large part of their sales depend on our local farmers and ranchers to buy many
of their goods and services.

For example the ranchers need trucks, tractors, seed, fuel, oil, fertilizer and
building materials. Tex Taylor, the community development specialist from the
Agriculture and Applied Economics Department at the University of Wyoming, tells
me that the multiplier effect for livestock production is two and the multiplier
effect for crops is 1.85. For every dollar of income from livestock sales there
is that much money spent on goods and services in the community. For every
dollar of income off of crops, 85 cents is spent on goods and services. If we
had no agriculture in the Basin area we would lose $385 million worth of
commerce. To understand the effect this has, think of the flow of money.

As I have explained agriculture is important in Basin. Many of our producers
rely heavily on the use of our public lands to remain viable production units
within our area. For example Big Horn County land is 80 percent government-owned
with BLM, Forest Service and the state of Wyoming the owners. BLM and Forest
Service have a mandate to be mul-tiuse and part of that use is grazing. Proper
grazing is healthy for the land and helps prevent wildfire conditions.

Many are concerned with the potential for wildfire in the forest due to the
beetle kill. Many would like to see control burns take place in the winter or
when there is some snow cover to prevent the carmeliza-tion of the soil. What I
mean by carmelization of the ground is the timber is so dry that the fires burn
hotter and faster and more out of control, the hotter temperatures of the fire
sterilizes the soil and it is very difficult to get anything to grow after the
higher temperature fires.

For those livestock producers in the area that wish to have help getting a range
monitoring program going this year there is funding available up to $20,000 per
producer through the Wyoming Department of Agriculture.

The deadline to apply is April 4. If you need help with the application, contact
me at 765-2868. Range monitoring helps with management decisions and the data is
useful to help with the permit renewal process.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2011 Basin Republican Rustler


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Farmers feel squeeze as government closes

BYLINE: Daniel Malloy, Russell Grantham; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 850 words



HIGHLIGHT: Loan process frozen while Georgia's crucial harvest time nears.


It's harvest time in South Georgia, and Mike Lucas is starting to worry about
paying his bills.

The partial shutdown of the federal government has closed the Farm Service
Agency office in Bleckley County, where Lucas heads each year about this time to
get a federally backed "marketing loan" for his peanuts.

The nine-month loan allows Lucas to space out peanut sales during the year,
because prices are lowest at harvest, while immediately paying off his crop and
equipment loans as well as land rent.

The shutdown has left most of the U.S. Department of Agriculture closed,
squeezing farmers across the country who rely on the loans.

As with most aspects of the shutdown, the longer it drags on, the more strain it
applies.

"Everybody is looking for a little bit of money," Lucas said. "They've worked
all year and it's about time for a paycheck."

There were signs of movement towards a deal in Washington on Friday, as key
members of Congress and President Barack Obama discussed proposals to reopen the
government --- which has been partially shut down since Oct. 1 --- and lift the
nation's borrowing limit.

Closed national parks, furloughed federal workers and uncertainty for kids in
Head Start programs have been among the most visible effects. But the shutdown
ripples are being felt in farm country, too.

Farmers, commodities markets and even researchers trying to develop new and
improved peanuts, peaches and cotton are feeling the effects, said Nathan Smith,
a University of Georgia-Tifton associate professor and agricultural economist
with the UGA Cooperative Extension Service.

"The longer you go, the more interest you have to pay" on the operating loans,
he said. "I'm assuming whenever the government opens up, we will still see
another two- or three-week delay," he added. "It could potentially be a cash
flow issue."

Meanwhile, Smith said his own efforts to provide crop projections have been
frustrated because the USDA data web sites have gone dark.

"Their website is shut down. You can't get any new data. You can't get any old
data. ... That's a little frustrating," he said. "The futures (markets) and
exchanges watch those numbers closely."

Likewise, agricultural researchers are blocked from gathering data of another
sort --- plants, seeds, fruits and fibers --- that are now locked behind closed
gates on the USDA's experimental farm plots.

"They're doing research crops, and it's harvest time, and they can't get in,"
said Smith.

Last year, Georgia farmers and landowners received $163.6 million in direct
payments and other subsidies under various federal farm programs, according to
the Environmental Working Group, a Washington, D.C.-based environmental group.
Cotton crop subsidies accounted for about a third of that total, but Georgia
farmers also got $36.8 million in disaster assistance and $19.8 million in
conservation program payments targeting forest and wetlands, according to EWG.

Those subsidies mostly continue during the shutdown, while the loans have ground
to a halt.

Many farmers take out Commodity Credit Corporation loans at harvest time using
their crops as collateral to get some instant cash flow. Farmers pay those loans
back with interest when selling off the crops.

The Farm Services Agency is not making new loans, and farmers who have loans in
hand cannot pay back a closed agency, meaning they can't sell the crops they are
holding as collateral.

"Basically everything is frozen," said Andy Bell, who farms 2,000 acres of
cotton, peanuts and corn with his brother in Climax, Ga., in the southwest
corner of the state.

Bell said he worries, too, about what happens after the shutdown ends.

"It's just delaying everything," he said. "You don't just get a loan overnight.
If you take the paperwork into the FSA office and want to put peanuts under a
loan, it takes a week or whatever. Now everybody's will be piled in on top of
each other, so it's going to take some time."

The shutdown has varied effects across Georgia's agriculture industry, the
state's largest.

Little has changed for poultry farmers. Meat inspectors --- federally required
for production lines to run --- are on the job.

The meat industry was concerned that the shutdown could affect delivery of
much-needed animal vaccines, but this week the USDA brought back furloughed
employees at the Center for Veterinary Biologics to keep the vaccines flowing as
an essential government function.

Bell said he is more concerned about the across-the-board cuts known as
sequestration, which are set to hit the loan programs when the government
reopens and the new fiscal year begins. The 5.1 percent cut will reduce peanut
loan prices by $18 per ton, he said.

"I really don't understand why the cuts are affecting the loan program because
they have to be paid back with interest," he said.

In all, the news coming out of Washington, which Bell follows closely on his
smartphone, has been dispiriting.

"I would say they need to make a decision and let's move forward," he said. "All
businesses do that and it doesn't seem like Washington can make its mind up
right now. They can, just both sides have dug in."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 21, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The 104th Congress at Midpoint: Where Its Major Legislation Stands;
AGRICULTURE

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 14;  Column 2;  National Desk

LENGTH: 242 words


The elections of 1994 transformed the Congress, giving Republicans control of
both House and Senate for the first time since 1955. As the second session of
the 104th Congress begins, here is a look at the progress of major legislative
initiatives.

Republicans promised drastic cuts in farm subsidies under the complex programs
dating to the Depression. Economists deride as inefficient these subsidies that
pay farmers not to plant some fields, lend money to plant other fields and
underwrite farmers when crop prices are low. But the payments are popular among
farmers and the Congressmen who represent them -- a third of the Republican
Party's House and Senate members.

Republicans radically revised farm subsidies to make American agriculture more
sensitive to consumers' needs while continuing the flow of Government checks to
large-scale private and corporate farms in the next seven years.

The plan, which is part of the budget bill, would replace most existing
subsidies with an annual payment to farmers equal to most of the money they are
receiving under various programs now. The payments would be made regardless of
what crops the farmers planted or whether they left their fields fallow.

Clinton Administration officials and prairie populists in Congress criticized
the plan because it would not limit the size of payments to large farms and
would not provide any increase in payments if prices were low.   KEITH BRADSHER

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Louisiana: AgCenter joins EPA watershed task force

LENGTH: 777  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


LSU AgCenter, The state of Louisiana has issued the following news release:

Nitrogen and phosphorus can help farmers improve yields, but when these
nutrients make their way into streams and rivers, they can also contribute to a
low-oxygen, or hypoxic, zone in the Gulf of Mexico. To help reduce this type of
pollution, the LSU AgCenter and 11 other land-grant universities recently joined
the Environmental Protection Agency's Mississippi River/Gulf of Mexico Watershed
Task Force.

The task force, which was established in 1997, consists of five federal agencies
and the environmental and agricultural agencies of 12 states. Although
land-grant universities in the Mississippi River drainage basin have long been
doing research on soil conservation, nutrient management and water quality, they
were never included as formal members of the task force until now, said Rogers
Leonard, LSU AgCenter associate vice chancellor for plant and soil science
programs.

"This is the value of U.S. land-grant universities to the task force," said Bill
Richardson, LSU vice president for agriculture. "Our scientists have a history
of success in generating research needed for technology and science-based
recommendations for environmental sustainability."

The agreement will make collaboration among participating agencies much easier.
It also provides an opportunity to incorporate universities' research into the
task force's recommendations, which strive to manage nutrient transport while
maintaining crop productivity and food security, Leonard said.

"The advantage of using this multistate approach is being able to look at the
hypoxia problem from a macro watershed level," said Brian LeBlanc, LSU AgCenter
and Sea Grant water quality specialist.

Several states border the Mississippi River, meaning pollution from each of them
can eventually reach the Gulf of Mexico and feed the hypoxic zone.

Hypoxic waters have low oxygen levels, decreasing the amount of marine life they
can sustain, LeBlanc said. In the Gulf of Mexico's case, the condition is
associated with excess nutrients from farms and animal waste. These products
enter the river drainage system and flow into the Gulf, fueling rapid algae
growth.

"You get this giant bloom of very happy algae populations, and they reach a
point where they die," LeBlanc said. "When they die, they decompose, and that
process utilizes oxygen."

While algae are essential to the Gulf, they have reached "too much of a good
thing" status in recent decades, LeBlanc said. Levees built in the 1920s
channeled the Mississippi River and increased the concentration of nutrients in
the river.

"You didn't have the natural flow of the river across landscapes during flood
time, when sediments and nutrients would get absorbed by other things," LeBlanc
said. "As farming techniques got more aggressive and better, the combination of
the two started forcing a lot of runoff straight into the river."

According to the Environmental Protection Agency, the hypoxic zone measured
about 5,800 square miles in 2013. However, this is a moving target, Leonard said
-- the size of the zone changes each year depending on environmental and
physical factors that influence how much nutrient content reaches the Gulf.

The task force's action plan calls for limiting the zone to about 2,000 square
miles, which would require up to a 45 percent reduction in the nitrogen and
phosphorus load that flows down the Mississippi River. However, that doesn't
necessarily equate to a 45 percent reduction of fertilizers used on farms,
Leonard said.

Still, improving efficiency is always important in agriculture. LeBlanc said
there is a number of ways farmers can reduce runoff that contributes to the
hypoxic zone. Many of these strategies are taught in the Master Farmer Program,
which is a collaborative effort of the AgCenter and state and federal agencies
that encourages sustainable management practices.

Depending on which crops a farmer produces, pollution reduction strategies can
include creating grass buffers between crops and waterways, fencing livestock
away from streams and using no-till farming methods to reduce soil erosion,
LeBlanc said. These practices not only decrease runoff and pollution, but can
also help farmers save money and be more efficient.

Nutrient management on farms and in watersheds is just one of many significant
current and future challenges that need to be addressed, Leonard said. A rapidly
growing world population means food production must increase, he said, so it is
important to take a balanced approach toward solving both environmental and
agricultural issues.

For further information please visit: http://www.lsuagcenter.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      July 13, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

$190M allotted to reclaiming land: But does nothing to offer immediate aid to
livestock industry in crisis, say critics

SOURCE: CP

SECTION: Business; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: Regina

Some of the federal money announced last month to help Prairie farmers is going
towards planting trees.

Public Works Minister Ralph Goodale was in Regina on Friday to outline details
of how $190 million of the money will be spent. The cash is part of a
$5.2-billion aid package announced last month by Prime Minister Jean Chretien.

Ottawa came up with the package to help farmers who are going through a severe
drought and in response to a multibillion-dollar agricultural subsidy package
announced earlier this year in the United States.

The largest portion of the $190 million -- about $100 million -- will be used
for what he called a green cover program to help farmers convert marginal land
to grassland. Another $10 million will be used to plant trees for shelterbelts.

The remaining $80 million will be spread out over four years to help
drought-stricken farmers in some parts of the country pay for water supply
projects and to set up a computerized national land and water information
service.

"We have booked approximately $10 million to flow in this fiscal year (for water
supply projects)," said Goodale. "The larger numbers will come in subsequent
years. But there are applications that are waiting in the queue, quite literally
today, that could not be processed because the money had all been spoken for.
This incremental money will allow many more of those applications to be
processed."

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Clay Serby, who has been at odds with the
federal government over the amount of money committed to farm aid, did not
attend Goodale's news conference and was not available to comment.

Evans Thordarson, vice-president of the Saskatchewan Agricultural Producers
Association, welcomed the plan to help farmers convert marginal farmland, but
said the plan for water does little to help livestock producers.

"This really can't be considered a drought announcement. We think if livestock
is going to be an important part of our future that something has to be done
right now," said Thordarson.

Goodale said he expects the bulk of the $10 million in water projects will go to
two provinces.

"The good news nationally is that the drought circumstances ... are not as
pervasive as they were last year. They tend to be concentrated more particularly
in Alberta and Saskatchewan," he said. Goodale also promised that livestock
producers in dry areas can defer paying tax on a portion of their sales if
they're forced to sell off all or part of their breeding herds early because of
the drought.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chris Schwarz, The Journal; The plan to help drought-stricken
farmers convert marginal land to grassland doesn't help livestock producers,
some critics argue.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            March 28, 1991 Thursday

Struggling farmers appeal for Govt aid

BYLINE: JENNY BRINKWORTH

LENGTH: 287 words


Eyre Peninsula farmers and their families have appealed to the State Government
to help them survive the rural crisis.

During a two-day visit to the Yorke and Eyre peninsulas, the Premier, Mr Bannon,
and the Agriculture Minister, Mr Arnold, were constantly asked to provide
short-term assistance to enable farmers to stay on their farms for another year.

Mr Bannon said it was clear from talking to people on both peninsulas that the
collapse of prices for commodities such as wheat and wool meant few farmers had
a positive cash flow.

About 120 people gathered at Cummins yesterday to welcome Mr Bannon and show
support for community leaders who met the Premier and Mr Arnold.

The leaders told of psychological stress on families and the detrimental effect
on the land because of inability to spend money on conservation practices.

Farmers called on the Government to support a United Farmers and Stockowners
proposal for a carry-on finance scheme underwritten by the Government and for a
moratorium on forced farm sales.

High interest rates, rising input costs and the drop in wheat prices were listed
as major problems.

The chairman of Elliston District Council, Mr Bill Siviour, a primary producer
since 1946, said he had never seen such bad times.

"When I start talking to my neighbors they're all very depressed and I wonder if
it should be called a depression," he said.

The chairman of the District Council of Lower Eyre Pensinsula, Mr Bill Watkins,
said farmers needed some incentive to keep rural industries going.

"We're not looking for handouts, nor a kiss nor a handshake but the opportunity
to remain here and contribute to this district and South Australia as a whole,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            March 28, 1991 Thursday

Struggling farmers appeal for Govt aid

BYLINE: JENNY BRINKWORTH

LENGTH: 287 words


Eyre Peninsula farmers and their families have appealed to the State Government
to help them survive the rural crisis.

During a two-day visit to the Yorke and Eyre peninsulas, the Premier, Mr Bannon,
and the Agriculture Minister, Mr Arnold, were constantly asked to provide
short-term assistance to enable farmers to stay on their farms for another year.

Mr Bannon said it was clear from talking to people on both peninsulas that the
collapse of prices for commodities such as wheat and wool meant few farmers had
a positive cash flow.

About 120 people gathered at Cummins yesterday to welcome Mr Bannon and show
support for community leaders who met the Premier and Mr Arnold.

The leaders told of psychological stress on families and the detrimental effect
on the land because of inability to spend money on conservation practices.

Farmers called on the Government to support a United Farmers and Stockowners
proposal for a carry-on finance scheme underwritten by the Government and for a
moratorium on forced farm sales.

High interest rates, rising input costs and the drop in wheat prices were listed
as major problems.

The chairman of Elliston District Council, Mr Bill Siviour, a primary producer
since 1946, said he had never seen such bad times.

"When I start talking to my neighbors they're all very depressed and I wonder if
it should be called a depression," he said.

The chairman of the District Council of Lower Eyre Pensinsula, Mr Bill Watkins,
said farmers needed some incentive to keep rural industries going.

"We're not looking for handouts, nor a kiss nor a handshake but the opportunity
to remain here and contribute to this district and South Australia as a whole,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                September 5, 2000 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

DIGGING THEIR WAY OUT OF A DROUGHT FROM DEEP IN THE HEART OF TEXANS, WORK, FOOD
AND MONEY ARE VOLUNTEERED TO PUT IN A PIPELINE WATER IS TO FLOW THIS WEEK AFTER
14-DAY PROJECT

BYLINE: JULIA PRODIS SULEK, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1588 words

DATELINE: THROCKMORTON, Texas


For months they prayed for it. For weeks they dug for it. And within the next
few days, after a heroic effort that will go down in town history, they will get
it. Water.

Suffering from drought along with the rest of the South, this tiny, dusty town
on the rolling plains of northern Texas is one of the worst hit.

Like Californians did during droughts in the mid-'70s and early '90s,
Throckmorton residents have rationed their water, put bricks in their toilet
tanks, used bathwater for watering plants, and let their lawns turn brown. But
unlike California with its vast plumbing system of dams and aqueducts, this
Texas town, big enough to have its own rodeo arena but too small for a Dairy
Queen, has only one source of water, Lake Throckmorton.

It is on the verge of running dry.

Desperate, the town needed to act fast. Securing $800,000 from the state, city
officials had the money to buy the materials to build a pipeline to
thenext-closest water source, 15 miles away, but no money for labor.

So this town of 1,036 people -- including plumbers, church secretaries and
schoolchildren -- blazed a trail, dug a ditch, laid the pipe, and covered it
with sand.

In 14 days, the job was done. After a few leaks were repaired last week, the
town expects water to flow this week.

"We just went out there and started digging," said J.J. Barrington, whose
husband, Joe, her children and parents all helped build the pipeline. "We just
did what we had to do."

During these two weeks of strength and resolve, the townsfolk learned more about
themselves and their neighbors than they ever imagined.

"Certain people you never knew or had respect for," J.J. Barrington said. "After
you saw what they did on the pipeline, you have a whole new respect for them."

Throckmorton and much of northern Texas have endured more than two months of
heat without measurable rain -- breaking records set in the 1950s and the Dust
Bowl years of the 1930s.

Making matters worse, the state's watersheds hadn't recovered from two previous
droughts over the past five years.

The water crisis in the town of Electra, near the Oklahoma border, is just as
dire as Throckmorton's. Swimming pools and outside watering have been restricted
there, and residents can use no more than 1,000 gallons per person a month or
face fines. The town has been trying to make water drinkable from old
groundwater wells that were shut years ago because of high salinity.

Most Texas cities aren't at the point of water rationing, but many recreational
lake users are high and dry. Some rivers popular with inner-tubers are down to a
trickle.

The state has been thinning out mesquite trees that suck up 12 gallons of water
a day and trying to seed clouds with silver iodide to make them rain. But clouds
are needed -- big, puffy ones.

"There haven't been clouds. It's not something you can count on for municipal
supply, but it works real well with agriculture," said Leonard Olson of the
Texas Water Development Board. "It's kind of hard to make that cloud stay right
over the reservoir."

So far, more than 150 Texas counties have been declared disaster areas. The
state Department of Agriculture has estimated losses so far at $595 million.

With about half the grass of a normal year, local ranchers have been forced to
sell cattle months earlier than usual.

Looking out the window of Cooper Insurance Co. in Throckmorton, Jackie Cooper,
the owner, remarked that there is more grass in front of Pitsy's Beauty Shop
across the street than in many of the pastures outside of town.

"It's so barren, you can see a pissant crawling across the pasture at 150
yards," said Cooper, spitting tobacco juice into a Folgers coffee can. "There's
not enough grass for a cottontail rabbit to hide."

It's so dry, whirlwinds of dust twist down Minter Street, past the old stone
courthouse, the Saddle Shop and the Cadillac Grille. It's so hot, "it's like
spit on a stove," said Donald Brown, whose cowboy boots and Wranglers were
covered with a thick layer of trail dust.

The last rainstorm was in June. The 30-minute downpour filled up the stock pond
on Brown's family ranch four miles north of town. But the Throckmorton Reservoir
didn't get a drop. Thunderstorms can be so isolated out here, they practically
draw a line in the sand.

When the town began severe water rationing this summer, the Brown family opened
their barbed-wire gate to anyone who could haul a jug to the pond. The dirt road
has become a thoroughfare. Pickup trucks carrying 500-gallon plastic tanks line
up more than a dozen deep at what has become a 5 p.m. rush hour.

The Browns also laid a surface pipeline from the pond to the Throckmorton High
School football field nearly three miles away.

"I've got a grandson who is starting quarterback," said Donald Brown's father,
Rob Brown. "They wouldn't have had any grass to play on."

But that one stock pond can't keep the whole town alive, by any means.

Public Works Director Steve Bowlin knew a year ago that the city's water supply
was heading for trouble. He started making plans for the pipeline.

With the funding for materials in hand, he figured he could get the job done in
a couple of months with 50 volunteers. In mid-July, he started organizing the
group into crews. He named Joe Barrington, a local artist, oneof the leaders.

The first day, Joe Barrington called his uncle in La Mesa to borrow his ditch
digger. Four bulldozers were donated. And they were on their way.

"We thought we could dig this pipeline with one ditcher and four backhoes," said
J.J. Barrington. "When we saw how big it was going to be, we realized we needed
more help."

The project made the Texas news and attracted national network television.

"We're pretty proud people and we don't like to ask for help," Bowlin told
reporters. "But anyone who wants to help, we could sure use it."

When the call went out, hundreds of volunteers from as far away as Big Spring
and Waco came to Throckmorton's aid with all dispatch.

Dean and Bobbie Loving brought their forklift from Seymour, Texas. The McKnight
Ranch lent its front-end loader. Michael Stallings of Keller landed his private
plane on Throckmorton's lone airport strip and handed Bowlin a check for $5,000.

Grocery stores in Abilene, an hour south, cut their water prices to encourage
people to donate to Throckmorton. On the second day, three semi-trucks full of
bottled water arrived. They stacked it up in Dub's Barn, which has also doubled
as a town dance hall.

Even Billy Ray Cyrus, the country singer made famous by "Achy Breaky Heart,"
sent a truckload of bottled water up from Abilene.

Bowlin's wife and children helped, too. Ashley, 17, drove loads of water and wet
towels up and down the line. And 11-year-old J.D. Bowlin was just the right size
to jump into the narrow ditch to toss out rocks blocking the path of a the line.

Gerald Hohfeld of Wichita Falls, Texas, shoveled sand with his one arm.

Even prison crews came out to dig in temperatures exceeding 100 nearly every
day.

"It was too hot. Nobody was going to do anything to anybody. When you drive up
with water or a wet towel, they were as happy to see us as we were to see them
working," J.J. Barrington said.

Local churches in town provided meals to the workers every night and the Red
Cross shuttled lunches every day.

Boots Davis traveled from Olney, Texas, to help prepare meals for the
volunteers.

With the Cow Country Motel being the only one in town, locals opened up their
homes to overnight guests.

For two solid weeks, some 700 volunteers -- up to 100 on any given day -- dug a
line from the Throckmorton water treatment plant in town, northeast past Tillie
Koonsman's property, on to Zeb Carpenter's place, across the Davis Ranch and on
to the Owens water tower just outside of Elbert. The water is actually owned by
Graham, a town southeast of Throckmorton that has an adequate water supply.

They laid more than one mile of pipe a day.

"It was a blessing," said Kelly Bowlin, assistant city secretary and wife of the
public works director. "Everything that happened was just a blessing."

When the water in the new pipe is turned on, the town will still need to ration.
The pipeline will provide only 70,000 gallons a day to a town that in a normal
year will use 300,000 gallons daily. Now, they are down restricting themselves
to 125,000 gallons.

Without a hard-running rain, Bowlin expects the pump in the reservoir to be
sucking air within two weeks.

"Once our lake is dry, that's it," Bowlin said. The pipeline, he said, "is going
to be a lifeline."

While they wait for the water to turn on, townsfolk are still praying, and
digging, for water.

Gary and Connie Ray, who own a local horse farm, are digging a well. Already at
40 feet, they've barely hit a trickle.

"We're going to drill clear to hell," Connie Ray said.

Ray Kavecki said he's been "witching" for water with a forked stick.

The farmers, meanwhile, are preparing their cracked fields for the wheat crop.
They've already plowed twice and fertilized once.

Now, they wait and pray for a long, slow rain to keep the topsoil intact,
followed by a downpour to fill the reservoir.

Every Tuesday evening, a small group gathers in a circle on the courthouselawn,
under the shade of the pecan trees. They hold hands and bow their heads.

"We pray dear God that if it be your will, send us the blessing of rain," said
Donna Frasier. "You know how desperately we need it."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (4), Map;
PHOTO: RONALD MARTINEZ - ASSOCIATED PRESS
Record dry heat in the northern Texas community of Throckmorton leaves livestock
with slim pickings and people desperate for a pipe to a neighboring town's water
tower.
[000905 FR 1A]
PHOTO: RONALD MARTINEZ - ASSOCIATED PRESS
Every Tuesday evening, a group gathers in a circle on the Throckmorton, Texas,
courthouse lawn, under the shade of pecan trees, to hold hands, bow their heads
and pray for rain.
[000905 FR 1A]
PHOTO: RONALD MARTINEZ - ASSOCIATED PRESS
Throckmorton public works employee Tony Navarro repairs a leak on the new
pipeline. The pipe will carry water to Throckmorton from a tower near Elbert
that is owned by the town of Graham.
[000905 FR 16A]
PHOTO: RONALD MARTINEZ - ASSOCIATED PRESS
Public Works Director Steve Bowlin walks toward the valve that pumps water from
the shrinking body of water in the Throckmorton reservoir.
[000905 FR 16A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Financial Gazette (Harare)

                                  January 2012

Bearish ZSE to Close at U.S.$3,3 Billion

LENGTH: 597 words


MMC Capital, a local stock broking firm, has projected a bearish outlook of the
Zimbabwe Stock Exchange (ZSE), which could be triggered by anxiety over the
holding on the next general elections.

The brokerage firm said the ZSE, whose volumes have been largely driven by
foreign investor participation, could lose out due to uncertainty over the
polls, which ZANU-PF is pushing for this year amid resistance from rival
political parties.

Apart from the elections, lack of clarity over the implementation of
indigenisation and empowerment regulations compelling foreign-owned companies to
dispose of 51 percent shareholding to locals over the next three years have
again affected performance of the capital-starved exchange.

MMC Capital said there was a 50 percent chance that the ZSE market
capitalisation (market cap) would close at US$3,3 billion.

Last year, the ZSE market cap closed the year at US$3,7 billion after shedding
US$200 000 recorded in the prior year.

"This scenario assumes that unresolved political issues continue to hamper the
inclusive government resulting in the dearth of portfolio capital inflows into
the country. Liquidity challenges will persist whilst foreign investors will
shun the local market on the back of the heightened political risk. This
scenario also assumes that elections will be held in 2012 and will be as chaotic
as the last elections in 2008," reads an outlook report prepared by the
brokerage firm's research unit.

"We expect more political energies to be directed towards electioneering than
growing the economy; we thus take a more conservative view on the 2012 growth
rate than the 9,4 percent projected by the Ministry of Finance."

The Ministry of Finance projects strong growth underpinned by strong performance
in the financial services sector (23 percent), mining (15,8 percent), tourism
(13,7 percent) and agriculture (11,6 percent). Developments in agriculture this
season, however, put a damper on the expected output in key crops like maize on
the back of a poor rainfall season.

The report further states that there was a probability of 30 percent that the
market would trade sideways should elections be held next year.

"The scenario also assumes that elections will be held in 2013. Competition for
investment flows from the fixed income market is also assumed with institutions
such as pension funds and insurance companies channeling most of their funds
into money market assets to meet prescribed asset ratios as well as enjoy the
real returns prevailing in the money market," the report stated. Based on the
third scenario MMC Capital said there was a 20 percent probability that the
exchange would be bullish this year. Should the bullish trend come true, MMC
Capital projects a market cap of US$4 billion.

Revolutionary reforms which include the completion of the Central Securities
Depository and demutualisation of the ZSE, the report stated, will ignite
activity on the exchange

The scenario, MMC Capital said assumes that the socio-political environment
would be peaceful and there will be no elections in 2012, liquidity will improve
on trading efficiencies and foreign portfolio flows will improve.

"Our capital market expectations support a conservative equity investment
strategy in 2012. "We thus recommend investors to seek exposure to low geared,
well capitalised, dividend paying and low beta stocks that will preserve capital
value and offer income returns in an uncertain investment environment. We
recommend exposure in sectors such as the fast moving consumer goods,
telecommunications and retail," reads the report.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Impartial Reporter

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday

Minister asked to support farmers in cashflow crisis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 830 words


Farmers who have not received any Single Farm Payment money for 2012 because of
a delay in administration following inspections, should at least have part
payment, according to the Ulster Farmers' Union.

The organisation was this week meeting with DARD Minister, Michelle O'Neill to
press for part payment of the SFP in cases where no money had been paid at all
in December.

UFU President, Harry Sinclair said the difficult cashflow problem on many farms
was even worse where no subsidy was being paid into farmers' bank accounts.

One of the proposals in the CAP Reform being negotiated at present is to allow
for flexibility for Member States to make an advance payment by around October
of the year in question. If money had to be deducted by DARD for any reason,
this could be done from the final portion of the payment, they say.

Yesterday the Minister supported a motion at Stormont when she appealed to
farmers to work with her Department to help accelerate Single Farm Payments in
the future.

She said: "I am well aware of the importance of Single Farm Payment to the
farming industry and the wider rural economy. But I need the help of farmers to
ensure that future payment targets are met." The Department of Agriculture and
Rural Development pays out around 300million euro to the agricultural industry
each year under the Single Farms Payment scheme. To satisfy European Commission
auditors and prevent future disallowance the Department has put a number of new
mechanisms in place to improve the Single Farms Payment scheme.

The Minister said: "Unfortunately the consequences of improvements in 2011 and
the associated complexity in processing inspection cases led to delays in some
payments. However, I charged my Department to speed up inspections in 2012 and
make changes to the inspection and payment processes. These already have made a
positive difference with over 86% of 2012 claims now paid." The Minister
continued: "I want to ensure payment targets in 2013 are at least comparable,
but I need farmers to help us achieve this. Maps have now started to issue
containing important new information about the maximum eligible area of fields,
and farmers need to check these carefully and tell us as soon as possible about
any changes needed. The more accurate claims are, the fewer queries and problems
arise." In conclusion the Minister said: "I am determined that we use modern
technology to accelerate payments to farmers at the earliest opportunity. The
combination of new maps and changes to our on-the-spot control processes,
including the use of remote sensing, has the potential both to reduce the burden
of on-farm inspections on and speed up payments in the future. It is not in our
interests to delay payments and staff work hard to ensure that cases are cleared
as quickly as possible. By working together we can achieve a balance between the
European Commission's requirements on the one hand and the industry's needs on
the other." Fermanagh farmers voiced their concerns at the situation on farms at
the first of the UFU's President's Area Meetings last week.

At a meeting with agricultural journalists this week, the UFU President with a
number of meetings around the Province completed, said some farmers were down
because of various concerns and not least the fact that the sun hadn't shone for
many months.

It was revealed that they had asked DARD to request permission from the EU
Commission to immediately release 50% of outstanding SFP money to applicants who
were unlikely to have serious penalties arising from their claim.

They also asked the Minister to release LFA payments earlier than early March
and to consider relasing part payment son all outstanding agri-environment
scheme claims.

With controversy over the spending of Rural Development funding, the UFU asked
the Minister to consider setting aside some of this funding as an "animal
welfare crisis fund," if current difficulties became worse.

The President said, "These are pro-active measures which we feel are uncessary
and would considerably assist farmers who are facing a very difficult winter
with a growing cash flow problem.The underlying prospects for the future of the
industry are very good but there is a cash flow problem this winter which needs
to be overcome so that we can realise the anticipated economic growth which the
industry has the potential to deliver.

The President, reacting to comments at the area meetings said that while
Fermanagh is used to wet weather other parts had suffered worse than in previous
years. However he said some farmers could see a way forward for the industry.

"Some products had a good price but margins are the main thing. It is the cost
of production that is difficult," he said.

Last week the Presidential team visited some Fermanagh farms to get a clearer
picture of what was happening with the livestock sector.

Among the farmers the President met were David and John Millar from Moykeel,
Letterbreen who run a dairy and suckler business.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

Guest commentary: Endorsement of Proposition 1 doesn't hold water

BYLINE: By Mike Hudson and Tia Lebherz Oakland Tribune Guest Commentary

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 583 words


Proponents of Proposition 1, the water bond, have fooled the Oakland Tribune
editorial staff. Don't let that happen to you. Before you check the box, know
the facts about how this corporate money grab will funnel public funds to
private special agriculture interests without offering real water solutions to
the Californians footing the bill.

With interest, the $7.5 billion bond will add $14.4 billion to California's
staggering $770 billion debt. That means saddling taxpayers with $360 million a
year for 40 years -- money from the general fund that could pay for priorities
like education and health care. If California taxpayers are going to invest so
heavily in water, we have a right to expect that those funds will be spent to
effectively address the devastating drought and help solve our long-term water
crisis.

The most glaring problem with Proposition 1 is the $2.7 billion it guarantees
for new water storage facilities; read: dams and reservoirs. Big agriculture
interests and water agencies in the San Joaquin Valley have long fought to raise
Shasta Dam and to build Sites Reservoir on the Sacramento River watershed and
the Temperance Flat Dam on the San Joaquin River. This may seem like an attempt
to conserve water for Californians, but the truth is that this water will yield
only a 1 percent increase in the state's water supply, and that is likely to go
directly to those big agribusinesses. Not to mention that dams take years to
decades to build.

Adding to the tab, Proposition 1 identifies $500 million to $900 million to buy
water Californians already own. The state can use this public money to purchase
(publicly owned) water to put in rivers and streams that flow into the San
Francisco Bay Delta to mitigate the effects of overpumping. Once that water is
in the Delta, the legal loophole that makes it possible to overpump the Delta
allows water hogs like Westlands Water District and the Kern County Water Agency
to move that water to the San Joaquin Valley and sell it at subsidized rates to
those same corporate farmers who want the new dams. That's public money for
private interests, and that's not right.

By continuing to overpromise water for big agriculture and overpump the Delta,
Proposition 1 robs fisheries of the water needed to sustain seafood production.
The salmon and crab that are essential to the Northern California diet and
culture and to the $1.4 billion the salmon fishing industry alone contributes to
our economy will eventually disappear if the water bond passes in the November
election.

In order to ensure a safe, clean water supply to all Californians, leaders must
focus on developing a water budget; repairing crumbling underground
infrastructure to prevent water loss; providing incentives for the biggest water
users to conserve; recycling water; cleaning up groundwater, and restoring
watersheds that are predicted to have dramatic reduction in water supply. As the
editors noted, Proposition 1 provides some funding for some of these activities.
But it is woefully inadequate and taxpayers should not have to pay for outmoded,
harmful, useless dam projects to access it.

The editors asserted that the decision on Proposition 1 is an easy one, and
they're right. Reject the water bond and demand real water solutions. Vote no on
Proposition 1.

Mike Hudson is a Berkeley resident who represents the Small Boat Commercial
Salmon Fishermen's Association. Tia Lebherz is an Oakland resident and Northern
California organizer of Food & Water Watch.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                  April 27, 2005 Wednesday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

Water districts to get grants, loans for repairs and upgrades

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 537 words


The Leicester Water District, the Oxford/Rochdale Sewer District and the Warren
Water District will receive loan and grant money Friday from Rural Development,
an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The Warren Water District will receive a loan of $1,425,000 and a grant of
$405,000 for the repair and improvement of the water system at 9:30 a.m. Friday
at the town's new water storage tank in the Tyler Park area off Southbridge
Road.

It is the fourth round of federal funding for the Warren Water District since
2002.

Established in 1920, the Warren Water District is made up of many old sections
in need of improvement to meet future water system demands.

The money that will be presented Friday will finance the replacement of transit
pipe throughout the district's water system.

According to water district officials, the AC pipe lining presents possible
health problems because of its potential to leach volatile organic chemicals
into the drinking water.

There are also concerns about the potential for asbestos fibers, which are found
in AC pipes, to contaminate the drinking water.

The Oxford/Rochdale Sewer District will receive a $620,000 loan and $180,000
grant at a ceremony at 10:45 a.m. at the Leicester Water District Building, 124
Pine St.

The money will be used to install a gravity sewer system with a connection to a
nearby treatment plant that has the capacity for additional flow.

According to Rural Development officials, the project will consist of about
3,000 feet of 12-inch sewer pipe, 1,700 feet of 8-inch sewer pipe, and 19
manholes and service tees. The sewer project will connect to an existing sewer
manhole located on Clark Street.

Twenty-three homes and a 72-unit housing project, Laurel Heights, use septic
systems in the area. Many systems have failed or are failing and need repair or
replacement. According to the local Board of Health, the majority of the
existing systems would fail inspection.

The installation of the gravity sewer will eliminate the need to replace failed,
on-site septic systems and will provide additional protection for Greenville
Pond, a nearby water supply, according to Rural Development.

The Leicester Water District will receive a $1,720,620 loan and a $490,000 grant
that will allow the installation of new sewer lines, a wastewater pump station,
and the replacement of additional sewer lines along Route 9 to the Spencer town
line.

District officials said all homes and businesses in this area are served by
septic systems, many of which have failed or are failing.

The Leicester Board of Health has documented numerous complaints regarding
septic system problems.

According to Rural Development, home and business owners in the area will see
substantial savings because this project will be included as part of the
Massachusetts Highway Department's reconstruction of Route 9 from the center of
Leicester to the Spencer town line.

The project will include 15,000 feet of 10- and 15-inch polyvinyl chloride
gravity sewers, 2,300 feet of 8-inch ductile iron force main, 2,600 feet of
6-inch PVC sewer services from the mainline to the property line, about 10
grinder pumps, and other accessories.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 13, 2002 Saturday

Portion of federal aid to farmers to b e spent on planting trees

BYLINE: JULIAN BRANCH, Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: REGINA


Some of the federal money announced last month to help Prairie farmers is going
toward planting trees.

Public Works Minister Ralph Goodale was in Regina yesterday to outline details
of how $190-million will be spent.

The cash is part of a $5.2-billion aid package that was announced last month by
Prime Minister Jean Chrétien.

Ottawa came up with the package to help farmers who are going through a severe
drought and in response to a multibillion-dollar agricultural subsidy package
announced earlier this year in the United States.

About $100-million will be used for what Mr. Goodale called a green cover
program to help farmers convert marginal land to grassland. Another $10-million
will be used to plant trees for shelterbelts.

The remaining $80-million will be spread out over four years to help
drought-stricken farmers in some parts of the country pay for water-supply
projects and to set up a computerized national land and water information
service.

"We have booked approximately $10-million to flow in this fiscal year [for
water-supply projects]," Mr. Goodale said.

"The larger numbers will come in subsequent years. But there are applications
that are waiting in the queue . . . that could not be processed because the
money had all been spoken for.

"This incremental money will allow many more of those applications to be
processed."

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Clay Serby, who has been at odds with the
federal government over the amount of money that Ottawa has committed to farm
aid, did not attend Mr. Goodale's news conference and was not available to
comment.

Evans Thordarson, vice-president of the Saskatchewan Agricultural Producers
Association, welcomed the plan to help farmers convert marginal farmland, but
said the plan for water does little to help livestock producers who have already
watched their pastures wither because of the drought.

"This really can't be considered a drought announcement," Mr. Thordarson said.

"We think if livestock is going to be an important part of our future that
something has to be done right now.

"The farmers and ranchers are telling us that they have spent as much money
buying feed, which they normally would have produced themselves on their own
land . . ., as this year's calf crop is worth.

"And they just can't go ahead to do it again not knowing when the rain is going
to start."

Mr. Goodale said he expects the bulk of the $10-million in water projects to go
to two provinces.

"The good news nationally is that the drought circumstances . . . are not as
pervasive as they were last year.

"They tend to be concentrated more particularly in Alberta and Saskatchewan."

Mr. Goodale also promised that livestock producers in dry areas can defer paying
tax on a portion of their sales if they are forced to sell off all or part of
their breeding herds early because of the drought.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                       June 16, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Remittances from Europe provide 'lifeline' to millions worldwide: UN agency

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 767  words


New York, Jun 16 (IBNS): According to a report released on Monday by the
Rome-based United Nations International Fund for Agricultural Development
(IFAD), migrant workers living in Europe last year provided a lifeline to more
than 150 million people around the world by sending home $109.4 billion in
remittances.

A key finding of the report on remittances from migrants based in Europe,
Sending Money Home: European flows and markets, flags that benefits for families
back home could be significantly higher if they had access to more competitive
money transfer markets and targeted financial services to help save and/or
invest their funds. IFAD President Kanayo F. Nwanze underscored, We need to make
sure that this hard-earned money is sent home cheaply, but more importantly that
it helps families build a better future for themselves particularly in the
poorest rural communities where it counts the most. On the sending end, Western
Europe and Russia accounted for 75 per cent of the flows. In 2014, the six
top-ranked sending countries were the Russia ($20.6 billion); the United Kingdom
($17.1 billion); Germany ($14 billion); France ($10.5 billion); Italy ($10.4
billion); and Spain ($9.6 billion). Despite these numbers, the report notes that
remittances amounted to less than 0.7 per cent of individual country (gross
domestic product) GDP representing an insignificant outflow of wealth from the
host countries. On the receiving side, in 2014, about one third, or $36.5
billion, of European remittances went to 19 countries in the Balkans, the
Baltics and Eastern Europe, including 10 European Union member States. The
remaining two thirds, or $72.9 billion, went to some 50 developing countries
outside of the continent. Of the 19 European remittance-receiving countries, the
report showed that nine agriculture-based economy States relied heavily on
Europe flows highlighting a GDP representation of 22 per cent in Moldova and 17
per cent in Kosovo. Beyond Europe, Northern Africa and Central Asia were the
regions most reliant on European flows, largely from France and Russia,
respectively. As unprecedented numbers of refugees fleeing conflict enter
Europe, the report also notes that the continent was a source of considerable
remittances to fragile States including Iraq, Mali, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and
Yemen with the potential to help stabilize and rebuild, if better leveraged.
While the majority of remittances are used for basic goods, such as food,
clothing, shelter, medicine and education, studies indicate that up to 20 per
cent could be available for savings, investments or to repay loans for small
businesses. With 40 per cent going to rural areas estimated to equal at least
three times official development assistance to developing countries the report
suggests that remittances play a critical role in transforming vulnerable
communities. Nwanze emphasized that the immense potential of remittances for
development is still largely underutilized but it is within our capacity to make
every hard-earned euro, ruble, pound, krona, or Swiss franc sent home count even
more. If migrant workers and receiving families in rural areas had more options
to utilize their funds, such as improved access to basic financial services like
savings and credit and non-financial including technical assistance for business
development or financial education programmes IFAD estimated that of the $80
billion globally that could be available for investment, about $34 billion could
be for rural areas. Remittances offer a unique opportunity to bring millions
into the formal financial sector, said Pedro De Vasconcelos, co-author of the
report and Coordinator of the Financing Facility for Remittances at IFAD. He
said, Given the frequent interaction between remittance senders, receivers and
the financial system, remittances could spark a long-term and life-changing
relationship. While significant progress has been made over the last few years
to lower transfer costs, De Vasconcelos added that more could be done through
increased competition. By reducing transfer costs to 5 per cent, as per the G20
objective set in 2009, an additional $2.5 billion would be saved for migrant
workers and their families back home. The report will be presented in Milan from
16 to 19 June at the fifth Global Forum on Remittances and Development, where
Heads of State, policymakers, private sector stakeholders and civil society
leaders aim to map out the road ahead for enhanced remittances. The Forum will
open with the first observance of the International Day of Family Remittances.
Photo: IFAD

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2015 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Relief for borrowers

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Jan. 6 -- Lowering of interest rates on borrowings from the State Bank of
India (SBI), the largest public sector bank, by almost 90 basis points early
this week might provide some relief to the borrowers, who have been looking
forward to availing loans on lower interest rates. Slowdown in the economic
activity particularly after the two-month old demonetisation move announced by
the central government of the high value currency notes on November 8, 2016,
this is a welcome step on the part of the largest bank in the country. There is
no surprise on this step of the SBI because of the reason that the bank is slush
with funds which have poured into the Saving Fund accounts of the customers
during the past few months.

This step is also in consonance with the banking practices of the financial
institutions when the deposits are on the higher side and Marginal Profits have
to be made through extended advances to the borrowers, who can in turn change
the trend of economic slowdown in the country and set up investments in the
productive sectors of the industry and cottage sector. But the banks like SBI
and its allies need to reach the rural and small time borrowers in the rural
areas to put not the money into circulation but also allow the agriculture
sector to grow. In fact, a debate has been going on for the past many years to
allow free flow of funds in the rural areas particularly to the farmers to save
them from the clutches of the private money lenders, who have been fleecing them
with high interest rates. Such practices are still continuing the hinterland
because of lack of coverage by the banking institutions and cooperative banks
which have been operating there have not been in a position to lend more as per
the requirements and needs of the rural masses. The amount of loans have been
very small compared to the urban borrowers and time period has also been limited
and the banking institutions could not reach them because of red tape that has
been keeping such borrowings out of reach for agriculture workers. The
initiatives of the central government to involve cooperative banks in the
process have been a non-starter for many years. The agriculture workers have
been put to disadvantage due to such attitude of the central government.

Apart from this, there have been some packages worked out by the banks to
digitize the payment system and encourage people for online and net-banking
during the demonetisation process but they did not have the desired impact. This
was mainly due to the reason that most of the areas in rural and agriculture
sectors do not have access to plastic money due to lack of infra-structure in
most parts of the country. This is a stark reality despite the tall claims made
by the central government and Prime Minister Narendra Modi that people can use
smart phones for conducting banking transactions. Already, building and
construction sector in the urban areas and agriculture sector in rural belts of
the country have borne the brunt of demonetisation and acted as a roadblock in
the economic growth of India. The financial and economic experts have warned
that the demonetisation impact on the growth rate could be anywhere up to two
percent during the third quarter of the current fiscal. Other than the Indian
masses, the neighbouring countries have started feeling the pinch of the
slowdown in India because of decline in both imports as well as exports. So far
as lowering of interest rates is concerned, it will not have an immediate effect
on the economy which has been sagging otherwise also during the past almost two
years. The food inflation has been on the rise and has continued the same trend
despite shortage of cash currency in the markets. The agriculture produce has
registered the worst decline because there were no buyers in the absence of cash
which constituted almost 86 percent of the currency circulation in the markets
of high value currency notes. Despite the claims of the centre that cash
position will ease in another two months or so, there is every likelihood that
this crisis will continue for another six months or so. The replacement of the
old currency notes has been abysmally slow and painful for most people in the
country. The slogan of Modi that demonetisation was aimed at fighting corruption
and curb black money does not appear to be realistic. Only time will tell
whether such demonetisation announcement has been in the interest of the common
masses or not.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

Maharashtra government to bring new agro policy to help farmers: CM Fadnavis

BYLINE: Shubhangi Khapre

LENGTH: 472  words


Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis is working out a new policy to
enhance the credit lending to farmers, loans at lower interest rates, and
extending the repayment period from one years to five years.

The main objective of the new policy is to secure the farmers from being
exploited at the hands of private money lenders by consolidating their financial
position when they avail loans from banks. Almost 60 per cent of the farmers
still rely on private money lenders to make both ends meet. As a result the crop
failure and low credit disbursement leads to further hardships.

Although, the state government has waived Rs 400 crore farmers loan acquired
from money lenders through one time settlement, sustained support to secure them
financially through alternative source of earning is being pressed by
government. The two pronged policy entails linking farm products to the markets
through value chains to ensure sustained flow of income. The government plans to
ensure farmer's family with small land holding of less than 2 hectares has
alternate source of livelihood.

To begin with major changes in the agriculture policies for farmers would allow
them to phase out the low interest rate loans over the period of five years
instead of one. The government's new agriculture policy centred on farmers
plight is likely to address the problems arisen out of financial overburdening
that leads to maximum cases of suicides in Maharashtra.

Fadnavis said, "We are evolving a comprehensive policy which would ensure
farmers are given the breather to make the repayment over five years. It would
also be our endeavour to ensure in the first year of taking loans, farmers are
not financially burdened at all. To begin with we will bring down the rate of
interest to 2 and 6 per cent."

The series of measures which are being drafted is to address the root cause of
farmers suicides in region of Vidarbha and Marathwada. The state which has
registered almost 600 cases of farm suicides between January and May, is reeling
under drought for the third consecutive year.

According to Fadnavis, "Till now state government has already given compensation
and other relief measures to address farmers plight worth Rs 10,000 crore. The
centre has given us Rs 2,000 crore. The drought coupled with hail storm has
badly affected the agriculture sector and farmers."

The chief minister believes compensation alone is not the solution. As a result
it has taken up on war footing rural and agro based industrial projects in six
distressed districts of Vidarbha. And area specific projects are also being
worked out in Marathwada, North Maharashtra and Western Maharashtra. He
maintained, "Even a single loss of life of a farmer does not auger well for
progressive state like Maharashtra. I am determined to end this menace with some
policy reforms."

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  June 3, 2004

Farmers upset at delay in EU single payment plan

BYLINE: By SEAN MAC CONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 409 words


Irish farmers are upset that they are to receive their new EU single payment for
2005 at the end of that year.

The chairman of the Irish Creamery Milk Suppliers Association's beef and cattle
committee, Mr John O'Leary, claimed yesterday that a single payment arriving
after December 1st, 2005, was "too late in the year".

The payment will incorporate all the individual payments which farmers have been
receiving up to now.

Mr O'Leary said a single payment would create serious cashflow problems for
farmers if the system was not changed. "Under the existing system of direct
payments, farmers received the bulk of their direct payment in October but also
received significant sums at other times of the year. "For example, the
extensification payment is received in June. Based on this payment pattern,
farmers organised loan repayments at appropriate times of the year and the
payments were a very significant part of cash flow at various times in the year.

"However, with decoupling and the introduction of the Single Farm Payment in
2005, all the payments will not be made until after December 1st."

He said that this had serious cashflow implications for many farmers because, in
many cases, direct payments represented 100 per cent of their annual income.

"The timing of this payment is absolutely crucial," he said.

He added that the ICMSA was requesting that the single payment be brought
forward to October each year, as is the current situation. He was joined in his
request by MEP Sean O Neachtain.

He said a pre-payment under the farm payment scheme, which is due to come into
operation in January 2005, would facilitate farmers.

"I am, therefore, proposing that the Minister for Agriculture would take on
board my idea of a pre-payment of 50 per cent of entitlements prior to December
2005," he said.

A Department of Agriculture spokesman said the timing of payments was always a
matter for the European Commission. "However, for many years we have been able
to arrange for payments to be made in advance and in one recent year, we
arranged advance payments of 80 per cent in October because of poor weather
conditions.

"However, we cannot pay out money without inspections being carried out, but we
have been successful in the past in getting the commission to allow early
payments.

"Farmers can rest assured that we will pay them as early as possible under the
new system as we have in the past," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

Guest commentary: Endorsement of Proposition 1 doesn't hold water

BYLINE: By Mike Hudson and Tia Lebherz Oakland Tribune Guest Commentary

SECTION: MY TOWN; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 583 words


Proponents of Proposition 1, the water bond, have fooled the Oakland Tribune
editorial staff. Don't let that happen to you. Before you check the box, know
the facts about how this corporate money grab will funnel public funds to
private special agriculture interests without offering real water solutions to
the Californians footing the bill.

With interest, the $7.5 billion bond will add $14.4 billion to California's
staggering $770 billion debt. That means saddling taxpayers with $360 million a
year for 40 years -- money from the general fund that could pay for priorities
like education and health care. If California taxpayers are going to invest so
heavily in water, we have a right to expect that those funds will be spent to
effectively address the devastating drought and help solve our long-term water
crisis.

The most glaring problem with Proposition 1 is the $2.7 billion it guarantees
for new water storage facilities; read: dams and reservoirs. Big agriculture
interests and water agencies in the San Joaquin Valley have long fought to raise
Shasta Dam and to build Sites Reservoir on the Sacramento River watershed and
the Temperance Flat Dam on the San Joaquin River. This may seem like an attempt
to conserve water for Californians, but the truth is that this water will yield
only a 1 percent increase in the state's water supply, and that is likely to go
directly to those big agribusinesses. Not to mention that dams take years to
decades to build.

Adding to the tab, Proposition 1 identifies $500 million to $900 million to buy
water Californians already own. The state can use this public money to purchase
(publicly owned) water to put in rivers and streams that flow into the San
Francisco Bay Delta to mitigate the effects of overpumping. Once that water is
in the Delta, the legal loophole that makes it possible to overpump the Delta
allows water hogs like Westlands Water District and the Kern County Water Agency
to move that water to the San Joaquin Valley and sell it at subsidized rates to
those same corporate farmers who want the new dams. That's public money for
private interests, and that's not right.

By continuing to overpromise water for big agriculture and overpump the Delta,
Proposition 1 robs fisheries of the water needed to sustain seafood production.
The salmon and crab that are essential to the Northern California diet and
culture and to the $1.4 billion the salmon fishing industry alone contributes to
our economy will eventually disappear if the water bond passes in the November
election.

In order to ensure a safe, clean water supply to all Californians, leaders must
focus on developing a water budget; repairing crumbling underground
infrastructure to prevent water loss; providing incentives for the biggest water
users to conserve; recycling water; cleaning up groundwater, and restoring
watersheds that are predicted to have dramatic reduction in water supply. As the
editors noted, Proposition 1 provides some funding for some of these activities.
But it is woefully inadequate and taxpayers should not have to pay for outmoded,
harmful, useless dam projects to access it.

The editors asserted that the decision on Proposition 1 is an easy one, and
they're right. Reject the water bond and demand real water solutions. Vote no on
Proposition 1.

Mike Hudson is a Berkeley resident who represents the Small Boat Commercial
Salmon Fishermen's Association. Tia Lebherz is an Oakland resident and Northern
California organizer of Food & Water Watch.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

White House to Begin $10 Billion Farm Investment Fund

BYLINE: By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 620 words


Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council will announce plans on Thursday to start a $10
billion investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the
opportunity to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater
systems, energy projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

''We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment,'' the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

''We're going to be a connector,'' he added. ''This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.''

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank has committed the first $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs. Faced with what he described as ''extraordinary'' demand from
local communities in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted
the help of Matthew McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way
to attract Wall Street and large institutional investors. Through the process,
Mr. McKenna discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in
making investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One specific area where investment is needed is in California,
Mr. Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record.

''There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for water,'' he
added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pensions funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts -- including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation -- that combine crops and land into an asset class
for ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack will announce the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials have convened for the White House's Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. The list of speakers for the event includes Treasury
Secretary Jacob J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock, the world's
largest asset manager.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/07/24/white-house-to-begin-10-billion-farm-inve
stment-fund/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Tom Vilsack, the agriculture secretary, greeting Carlen Overby,
left, whose well in Farmersville, Calif., went dry. California would be an area
of investment. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JUAN VILLA/VISALIA TIMES DELTA, VIA ASSOCIATED
PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 28, 2010 Wednesday

Cash flow dwindles to farmland program

BYLINE: Drew Kerr, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Apr. 28--BALLSTON SPA -- More than six months ago, the Saratoga County Board of
Supervisors agreed to give $350,000 to the owners of the Hoogeveen farm in the
town of Saratoga.

The money was intended to help gain access to more than $2 million in state
funds that would be used to buy development rights for 405 acres of farmland,
ensuring that it would never be used for anything other than agriculture.

But the contract to complete the deal has yet to be delivered by New York
officials and when the money will arrive is anyone's guess.

The scenario highlights why uncertainties over the state's farmland protection
program are growing, and why local officials say they are concerned about
whether similar projects will move forward in the years ahead.

Under a proposal made earlier this year by Gov. David Paterson, the state would
allot $10.5 million to buy development rights from farmers who agree to add
language to their deeds barring future development in exchange for cash
up-front.

That amount is less than half what was granted last year, and a third of what it
was just three years ago.

If Paterson's proposal stands, local officials say, the state will only have
enough money to clear an existing backlog of preservation projects, such as the
Hoogeveen farm.

Lawmakers have suggested restoring some funds to the program -- adding between
$5 million and $8 million to the governor's proposal -- but no final agreement
has been reached.

Private and federal funds are still available, but local officials who oversee
preservation programs say their efforts will be diminished without more state
money.

Teri Ptacek, the executive director at the Greenwich-based Agricultural
Stewardship Association, said the organization may only be able to finish one or
two preservation projects this year without state money.

The association, which covers Washington and Rensselaer counties, has done
between four and six projects annually in recent years.

Saratoga County officials, who met Tuesday to begin the process of doling out
preservation funds, say they will likely have to pare their preservation
efforts.

Without state money, they said, the county will have to focus on smaller, less
expensive projects they can pay for on their own.

But county officials also cut the amount of money for preservation projects this
year because of a budget crunch.

Instead of $750,000, county officials have $500,000 to work with this year. The
pool of money is also used for open space purchases.

Warren County has no such land preservation program.

Those who oversee the local preservation programs say they hope state leaders
will restore the funding before finishing the state budget.

More farmers, particularly in the dairy industry, are looking for financial
support as a way to survive current hard times.

"There's no doubt that if ever there was a need to increase funding for this
kind of program it is now," Ptacek said.

If the state pulls back, the impact could ripple beyond this year, officials
said.

Jamie O'Neill, a planner with Saratoga County who works with farmers selling
development rights, said the longer farmers have to wait for money, the less
likely they are to sell.

"It's a problem because it really does make them (farmers) leery," she said.

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2010, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100428-GN-FARMLAND-PROGRAM-20100428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2010 The Post-Star


                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                           November 15, 2016 Tuesday

Look who's losing sleep, Ma

BYLINE: Our Bureau

LENGTH: 893  words


Nov. 15: Most farmers of Bihar beg to differ with Prime Minister Narendra Modi,
who has said it is only the corrupt and rich who are losing sleep because of
demonetisation.

While the cash crunch due to the scrapping of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes means
long queues at ATMs and banks for others, for the tillers of the state whose
produce fills the food bowl of Bihar and large parts of the country, the crisis
has become a hydra-headed monster that threatens their very existence with the
entire farming cycle - from seed procurement to harvesting to sale - thrown out
of whack.

And while the ATM trauma may normalise - fingers crossed - sooner rather than
later, normalising the farming market is going to be a Herculean task.

On the one hand, farmers are worried about harvesting and sale of their standing
paddy crop. On the other, the worry over availability of funds to buy
fertilisers and seeds for the rabi crop is also gnawing away at their sleep.

"We pay both in cash and kind (barter system) to labourers who work in our
fields to harvest the paddy crop," said Raman Rai, a farmer from Sahar in
Bhojpur district who owns 20 acres of land. "The cash crunch has forced us to
limit paddy harvesting work as only those who are willing to harvest the crop in
return for payment in kind are working; those looking for cash have refused to
work."

Rai is also worried about cash he will need to buy seeds and fertilisers for the
rabi crop - wheat, which is sown immediately after paddy harvesting and the
sowing season for which continues for about a month starting around November 15.

"If the cash flow does not return to normal soon our rabi crop will be delayed
which, in turn, will reduce the produce," he said.

Rai said he had been visiting a bank branch around 6km from his village for the
past four days to exchange currency notes.

"I cannot do it on a regular basis as I also need to take care of my fields," he
said.

Around four-fifth of the state's 10.38 crore population is dependent on
agriculture and allied activities. Majority of them are marginal subsistence
farmers. The net cropped area of around 55 lakh hectares is divided into 1.61
crore holdings, and the average land-holding size in the state is around 0.35
hectare. A hectare of land is 2.47 acre. Paddy cultivation is done in around 33
lakh hectares of land while wheat, the main rabi crop, is grown in around 23
lakh hectares.

As one travels northwards from Bhojpur to Saran, the picture remains the same -
grim. "Currency crunch is going to hit our rabi crop," said Nand Kumar Singh, a
farmer from Sitab Diara village in Saran district. "What will we do with money
once the sowing season is gone?"

Agriculture experts corroborate the farmers' fears.

"If the standing paddy crop is left in the field for more than a week after it
is ready, it leads to fall of grains from the plant and thus reduction in
produce," explained Anil Jha, an expert with the state agriculture department.
"A minimum of 120 to 130 days are required for proper growth of a wheat plant.
If sowing gets delayed the plant would be ready towards end of March or April,
when westerly winds blow in the state and it would damage the standing wheat
crop."

The alarm signals are not limited to traditional crop such as paddy and wheat.
Even those growing cash crops are worried.

Mithilesh Tiwari of Phuljharia village in West Champaran district, located at
the northwestern tip of the state, is concerned about his standing sugarcane
crop.

"Earlier, the local sugar factory used to give us some advance as we are regular
suppliers of the crop to the factory, but this time around the factory
management has informed us that advance will not be paid till the cash flow
returns to normal," Tiwari said.

Bholanath Jha, of Jhapa village in Muzaffarpur district in north Bihar, is
worried about the other end of the farming cycle - the sale of his paddy crop,
which he managed to harvest as he could find labourers willing to harvest the
crop in lieu of some of the harvest.

"With the acute cash shortage in the market, who will purchase my produce?"
Bholanath asked.

Amid these voices of concern there are few farmers who appear nonchalant when it
comes to impact of demonetisation on farmers in Bihar.

There are some farmers untouched by the cash crisis, and Bhikhari Ansari, from
Chainpur village in East Champaran district, is one of them. "Big farmers, who
do cash-intensive farming, might be facing trouble but marginal farmers like us
who harvest our crop with the help of family members have no problem due to the
cash crunch," Ansari said.

He also said that seed and fertiliser dealers were providing the items on credit
for the rabi crop, because they know once the harvested crop is sold the farmers
will pay them back.

Bhushan Yadav, of Kamarganj village in Bhagalpur district, echoed Ansari,
maintaining that many farmers use small denomination notes and inputs for rabi
crop can be procured on credit.

But Ansari and Bhushan seem to be in the minority. Most farmers this newspaper
spoke to are worried sick about the cash crunch.

"One should not forget," said economist P.P. Ghosh, "that the currency crunch
will not only hit landowners but also the landless people who work as farm
labourers in rural Bihar. If agricultural work is hampered due to the crisis,
these people will not find work and it will wreak havoc in rural Bihar."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 8, 1998, Wednesday

City plans to raise sewer rates to get federal low-interest loan

BYLINE: DAN DeWITT

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 620 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



The news that Brooksville has received a federal grant and low-interest loan  to
help pay for its new sewage treatment plant was accompanied by a  dispiriting
requirement:

To get the loan, the city needs to raise its sewer rates for the third time  in
three years - from $ 16.33 to $ 19.33 per month for residential users.
Commercial rates will remain the same.

This comes on top of a 10 percent increase in 1996 and a 6 percent increase
last year. Public Works Director Emory Pierce said the U.S. Department of
Agriculture requested the increase after examining the revenues that current
rates are expected to raise and comparing it with the terms of the loan.

"There was a series of meetings. We proposed different numbers and they
essentially came back and said, "That's the minimum number we'll accept,' "
Pierce said.

"This is essentially what the USDA wanted, and we had a choice - either we  do
it their way or we don't get the grant."

The terms, city officials agreed, are worth it. The city will receive a  $
1-million grant and a $ 3.6-million loan at a 4.5 percent interest rate  through
the department's Rural Development program. The 40-year, fixed-rate  loan is
probably slightly better than any bank could offer, city Finance  Director Lee
Huffstutler said. And the grant, of course, is something no  private agency
would match.

The city long had been operating on the assumption that it would receive  the
grant and loan, though the agency did not sign off on the grant until  March 20,
Pierce said.

He also said at the meeting that USDA has finished reviewing the plans and  that
the city should be ready to accept bids on the project in less than a  week.

The low bid is expected to be a little more than $ 5-million, meaning the  city
will have to come up with some money in addition to the federal grant.  The city
still faces other significant utility expenses: the relocation of its  lines to
accommodate the widening of U.S. 41 and the State Road 50 truck  route, as well
as the demolition of its existing plants - on Croom Road and  School Street -
and the connection of these plants with the new site on Cobb  Road.

Pierce said the city probably will have to consider additional raises to  pay
for both these projects. The good news, he said, is this might mean that  the
city won't follow a schedule of utility increases recommended by a  financial
consultant last year. This called for a total increase of between 36  percent
and 50 percent over the next five years.

"We were steeling ourselves to be prepared for the 40 percent (increase),  but
we won't do it unless we absolutely have to," City Council member Joe  Johnston
III said.

City ups pay to fix plant

   BROOKSVILLE - Civil-Tech Consulting Engineers Inc. is designing the
reconnection phase of the sewer project. The City Council agreed to pay  $
18,000 more for the firm to design a solution to a chronic problem with the
School Street plant. Two small and old lines now carry all the sewage into the
plant. Partly because they are old and no longer flow in a straight line, the
pipes have caused sewage to back up through a manhole and flow out onto School
Street.

The problem has existed for years, Public Works Director Emory Pierce said,  but
has become particularly apparent with last winter's heavy rains. Just  building
the new plant will not solve the problem, Pierce said, because the  sewage will
continue to flow into the site of the plant before being piped to  the new plant
on Cobb Road.

These two smaller lines will be replaced by an 18-inch pipe, which should  be
large enough to handle all the sewage, Pierce said.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday

Maine senator wants user fees reduced

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 825  words


The Republican head of the Senate Homeland Security Committee wants U. S.
officials to reduce new user fees on Canadian air travellers and commercial
shipments that are supposed to kick in this month. In a letter this week to
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff and Agriculture Secretary Mike
Johanns, Maine Senator Susan Collins complained that the fees could seriously
harm cross-border trade. Proposed in August as an emergency measure, the fees
would start Nov. 24 and are intended to fund random U.S. inspections of Canadian
goods to control pests, disease and bioterrorism. Canada has demanded that the
fees be dropped, saying the risks have been exaggerated and the charges are too
steep. Last year, trade between Maine and Canada was at $3.9 billion.

Mining

PMI Gold acquires mines in Ghana

VANCOUVER - PMI Gold Corp. (TSXV:PMV) said Tuesday it has acquired three gold
mines in Ghana from Australia's Resolute Mining for an undisclosed amount. Its
shares rose five per cent after a morning halt.

Real Estate

Equitable Group Q3 profits jump

TORONTO - Mortgage specialist Equitable Group Inc. (TSX:ETC) reported profits
jumped 43.3 per cent in the third quarter, up to $7.1 million. The earnings
increase for the period, ended Sept. 30, compared to $5 million for the quarter
last year. Revenues rose to $37.6 million from $25.7 million in the 2005
comparable period. The company warned that interest rates would remain stable
next year or fall as inflationary pressures ease, while a weakening U.S. economy
could squeeze the Ontario manufacturing sector, weakening the province's housing
market. Shares in Equitable Group rose 65 cents to $29 Tuesday on the Toronto
Stock Exchange.

Oil & Gas

OPTI plans $40M financing

CALGARY - Oilsands developer OPTI Canada Inc. (TSX:OPC) announced plans for a
flow-through financing worth $40 million Tuesday. Money from the offering will
be used to finance work at its Long Lake project in northern Alberta, currently
under construction. Under the financing, OPTI will issue to underwriters 840,000
flow-through common shares at $22 to raise $19.1 million. In addition, officers,
directors and associates of OPTI will buy 918,500 shares at the same price for
another $20.9 million. The transaction is set to close on Nov. 22.

Oil & Gas

First Calgary signs marketing deal

CALGARY - First Calgary Petroleums Ltd. (TSX:FCP) has announced a long-term
natural gas marketing agreement with Algerian national oil company Sonatrach
covering the block 405b property that First Calgary is developing in Algeria's
Berkine Basin. Under the take-or-pay deal, Sonatrach is to market the block's
gas at a price linked to European oil prices, First Calgary said Tuesday.
Details are to be announced later, but the company said the marketing agreement
"represents a major step forward in FCP's plans to develop block 405b,
commencing with the MLE field." First Calgary stock traded Tuesday afternoon at
C$7.91 on the TSX, up seven cents on the day with a 52-week range between $12.
60 and $5.70 - down from almost $25 in early 2005 before the company failed to
line up a development partner or buyer for its Algerian oil and gas assets.

Construction

Finning reorganizes UK operations

VANCOUVER - Finning International Inc. (TSX:FTT) said Tuesday it is reorganizing
its UK operations into four core business: heavy and general construction, power
systems and hewden. The Vancouver-based equipment dealer says the changes will
help it develop stronger customer relationships and cut costs.

Software

Applied Digital to consolidate offices

VANCOUVER - Applied Digital Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ:ADSX) said Tuesday it plans
to close its Vancouver office and consolidate the Canadian health care security
operations of its VeriChip Corp. subsidiary in its Ottawa office. Applied
Digital Solutions, based in Delray Beach, Fla., said it expects to save US$1.5
million a year in the move at its subsidiary. The company said it expects to
one-time charges for the consolidation in the range of US$800,000 to US$1.4
million. VeriChip makes and sells radio frequency identification or RFID
systems.

Transportation

ATS Andlauer Q3 income rises

TORONTO - Transportation firm ATS Andlauer Income Fund (TSX:ATS.UN) posted
Tuesday third-quarter income before non-controlling interest of $3.97 million,
up from a year-ago 3.6 million The fund said its income amounted to 34.2 cents
per diluted unit, compared with a year-ago 21cents per unit. Revenue during the
three months ended Sept. 30 slipped to $42.5 million from a year-earlier $43
million as it saw reduced revenue related to air freight forwarding due to
uncharacteristically high entertainment weekend volumes in the most recent third
quarter.

Real Estate

BPO Properties reports Q3 income

TORONTO - BPO Properties Ltd. (TSX: BPP) Tuesday reported net income of $16. 3
million or 42 cents per common share and funds from operations of $41.2 million
or $1.30 per common share for the quarter ended Sept 30.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2006 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday

Maine senator wants user fees reduced

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 825  words


The Republican head of the Senate Homeland Security Committee wants U. S.
officials to reduce new user fees on Canadian air travellers and commercial
shipments that are supposed to kick in this month. In a letter this week to
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff and Agriculture Secretary Mike
Johanns, Maine Senator Susan Collins complained that the fees could seriously
harm cross-border trade. Proposed in August as an emergency measure, the fees
would start Nov. 24 and are intended to fund random U.S. inspections of Canadian
goods to control pests, disease and bioterrorism. Canada has demanded that the
fees be dropped, saying the risks have been exaggerated and the charges are too
steep. Last year, trade between Maine and Canada was at $3.9 billion.

Mining

PMI Gold acquires mines in Ghana

VANCOUVER - PMI Gold Corp. (TSXV:PMV) said Tuesday it has acquired three gold
mines in Ghana from Australia's Resolute Mining for an undisclosed amount. Its
shares rose five per cent after a morning halt.

Real Estate

Equitable Group Q3 profits jump

TORONTO - Mortgage specialist Equitable Group Inc. (TSX:ETC) reported profits
jumped 43.3 per cent in the third quarter, up to $7.1 million. The earnings
increase for the period, ended Sept. 30, compared to $5 million for the quarter
last year. Revenues rose to $37.6 million from $25.7 million in the 2005
comparable period. The company warned that interest rates would remain stable
next year or fall as inflationary pressures ease, while a weakening U.S. economy
could squeeze the Ontario manufacturing sector, weakening the province's housing
market. Shares in Equitable Group rose 65 cents to $29 Tuesday on the Toronto
Stock Exchange.

Oil & Gas

OPTI plans $40M financing

CALGARY - Oilsands developer OPTI Canada Inc. (TSX:OPC) announced plans for a
flow-through financing worth $40 million Tuesday. Money from the offering will
be used to finance work at its Long Lake project in northern Alberta, currently
under construction. Under the financing, OPTI will issue to underwriters 840,000
flow-through common shares at $22 to raise $19.1 million. In addition, officers,
directors and associates of OPTI will buy 918,500 shares at the same price for
another $20.9 million. The transaction is set to close on Nov. 22.

Oil & Gas

First Calgary signs marketing deal

CALGARY - First Calgary Petroleums Ltd. (TSX:FCP) has announced a long-term
natural gas marketing agreement with Algerian national oil company Sonatrach
covering the block 405b property that First Calgary is developing in Algeria's
Berkine Basin. Under the take-or-pay deal, Sonatrach is to market the block's
gas at a price linked to European oil prices, First Calgary said Tuesday.
Details are to be announced later, but the company said the marketing agreement
"represents a major step forward in FCP's plans to develop block 405b,
commencing with the MLE field." First Calgary stock traded Tuesday afternoon at
C$7.91 on the TSX, up seven cents on the day with a 52-week range between $12.
60 and $5.70 - down from almost $25 in early 2005 before the company failed to
line up a development partner or buyer for its Algerian oil and gas assets.

Construction

Finning reorganizes UK operations

VANCOUVER - Finning International Inc. (TSX:FTT) said Tuesday it is reorganizing
its UK operations into four core business: heavy and general construction, power
systems and hewden. The Vancouver-based equipment dealer says the changes will
help it develop stronger customer relationships and cut costs.

Software

Applied Digital to consolidate offices

VANCOUVER - Applied Digital Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ:ADSX) said Tuesday it plans
to close its Vancouver office and consolidate the Canadian health care security
operations of its VeriChip Corp. subsidiary in its Ottawa office. Applied
Digital Solutions, based in Delray Beach, Fla., said it expects to save US$1.5
million a year in the move at its subsidiary. The company said it expects to
one-time charges for the consolidation in the range of US$800,000 to US$1.4
million. VeriChip makes and sells radio frequency identification or RFID
systems.

Transportation

ATS Andlauer Q3 income rises

TORONTO - Transportation firm ATS Andlauer Income Fund (TSX:ATS.UN) posted
Tuesday third-quarter income before non-controlling interest of $3.97 million,
up from a year-ago 3.6 million The fund said its income amounted to 34.2 cents
per diluted unit, compared with a year-ago 21cents per unit. Revenue during the
three months ended Sept. 30 slipped to $42.5 million from a year-earlier $43
million as it saw reduced revenue related to air freight forwarding due to
uncharacteristically high entertainment weekend volumes in the most recent third
quarter.

Real Estate

BPO Properties reports Q3 income

TORONTO - BPO Properties Ltd. (TSX: BPP) Tuesday reported net income of $16. 3
million or 42 cents per common share and funds from operations of $41.2 million
or $1.30 per common share for the quarter ended Sept 30.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2006 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 10, 2002 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Pricing in the cost of drought

SECTION: NEWS; Leaders; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 794 words


The low point of a drought that is challenging for the title of the worst in a
century ought to be a good time for a serious debate about making the farm
sector more resilient to our hostile climate. Unfortunately, as the states'
frustration with the federal government's proposal for water property rights
last Friday shows, 200 years of vested interests in the land and water make this
hard to achieve.

Water property rights should be the foundation of a viable market for trading
water rights, which in turn is just one of a range of measures needed to secure
the long-term future of agriculture in this country.

Sustainable agriculture should mean farms that are better able to cope with the
ravages of drought even droughts as bad as this one, which the NSW drought
co-ordinator, Geoff File, ranks as one of the worst of the past century.

This would not mean that ad hoc drought assistance measures such as the
$368million package unveiled yesterday by the federal government would never be
needed, but it should mean smaller packages would be needed less often.

It makes no sense to deny the severity of this drought. The stories of rotting
stock and dying kangaroos in western NSW, of graziers transporting feed and
water to keep their breeding stock alive because there is no agistment from
Queensland to central Victoria, are all too real. Farming families struggling to
survive these sorts of conditions patently deserve aid of the kind contemplated
by the Commonwealth's Drought Force work-for-the-dole scheme, which in many
cases will help them put food on the table. Few Australians would deny them
that.

Even so, there are enough contrasting anecdotes of farmers using sustainable
agriculture techniques being relatively unaffected by the drought, and anomalies
related to the distribution and allocation of water from the Murray-Darling, to
give us pause for thought. A Queensland farmer speaking on ABC Radio two weeks
ago claimed to have overcome the worst the drought could throw at him by
cropping less intensively and without pesticides. Better land and crop
management has enabled NSW farmers to keep more moisture in the soil and to grow
wheat in very dry years. Modern pasture management techniques can achieve
something similar for graziers. The downside of this is less water in the dams
because of reduced run-off.

Mr File also points to the aching anomaly of some Riverina irrigators watching
the Murray flow by full to its banks without being able to draw water. Because
the Darling is dry, Adelaide is being supplied entirely from the Murray's flow
and, as usual, much of it is evaporating en route. This raises the vexed
question of pipes and other infrastructure to preserve valuable water and
distribute it more efficiently. But there will be no incentive for irrigators
and other heavy water users, let alone city dwellers or governments, to pay for
this essential infrastructure if water is priced too cheaply. Nor will there be
much incentive for Queensland land owners to halt mass clearing, which affects
water quality and supply.

This puts water pricing and trading at the heart of the sustainable agriculture
debate, and the National Competition Council's plan to get tough with states
that drag the chain on this last major area of competition reform is welcome.
Charging farmers the full cost of their water would help convince regions
suffering chronic water shortages that they are using their land for the wrong
crops and to shift them to more sustainable uses.

Combined with policies aimed at encouraging farmers to plan for the long term
such as the farm management deposits scheme that gives tax breaks to farmers who
put some money aside for a rainless year these sorts of approaches ought, over
time, to make "exceptional" drought assistance obsolete.

In the meantime, rational criticism of such packages is destined to fall on deaf
ears. But it is still worth pointing out that subsidies for struggling farm
businesses as distinct from aid for the families dependent on them risk
thwarting the goal of sustainable agriculture. Interest rate subsidies can never
discriminate efficiently between efficient farmers, who are in trouble purely
because of the exceptional circumstances, who should be kept in business, and
those whose short-sighted farming practices have contributed

materially to their problems, who would be better doing something else. At the
very least, farmers ought to exhaust their farm management deposits which were
$2billion at June 30 after two of the best years on record before getting access
to other forms of relief. And those who make a killing when the drought breaks,
as it is still expected to do in the autumn, after having used taxpayers' money
to keep stock alive, should have to give it back.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2002 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 22, 2007 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Let the East Bloom Again

BYLINE: By RICHARD T. McNIDER and JOHN R. CHRISTY.

Richard T. McNider and John R. Christy are professors of atmospheric science at
the University of Alabama in Huntsville.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 963 words


Huntsville, Ala.

THE United States faces two major security challenges this century. Both involve
water.

The increasing demand for water in the Western United States in an era of
diminishing supply has put America's highly efficient agricultural system in
jeopardy. At the same time, our nation's energy demands have led President Bush
and Congressional leaders from both parties to call for more domestic production
of biofuels like corn ethanol. Some agricultural experts fear that the country
does not have enough water and land to both  replace the declining agricultural
production in the arid West and   expand the production of biofuels.

There is, however, a sustainable solution: a return to using the land and water
of the East, which dominated agriculture in the United States into the 20th
century.

Until the middle of the 1900s, much of our country's food and fiber was produced
east of the Mississippi River. Maine led the nation in potato production in
1940, and New York wasn't far behind. The South, including Alabama, Georgia and
Mississippi, dominated cotton. Large amounts of corn were grown in almost every
state for consumption by the local livestock and poultry. Regional vegetable
markets, especially in the mid-Atlantic states, served the population centers of
the East.

By 1980, Western irrigation and improvements in transportation had largely
destroyed this Eastern system of agriculture. Irrigated cotton in Arizona,
California and Texas displaced the cotton economy of the Deep South. Idaho and
Washington became the nation's major potato producers. Corn production became
more concentrated in the Midwest.

Through irrigation, Western farmers were spared  the occasional droughts that
had plagued Eastern farmers, but the specialized Western system came with a
price. Water projects dried up the area's rivers. Salmon runs disappeared. Soils
were poisoned from the salt in irrigated water that is left behind after
evaporation.

Returning agricultural production to the Eastern United States under irrigation
would be efficient and environmentally sound. In the West, at least three to
four feet of water per acre is needed every year to produce a good crop. In the
East, only a few inches of irrigated water per acre are needed, because of the
region's heavier rainfall. Even in a dry year for the East, about a foot of
water per acre will suffice.

Because of the huge size of the rivers in the East and the small amount of water
required for Eastern irrigation, only a tiny fraction of the water in Eastern
rivers would be needed for farming. Right now, the Tennessee River, with twice
the natural flow of the Colorado River, has  less than 1 percent of its water
consumed for all uses, while the Colorado is just a memory when it reaches
Mexico.

Even if irrigation in the East were significantly expanded, the region's rivers
would not be as depleted as the West's. Three percent of the Alabama River would
support one million irrigated acres, compared with the nearly 30 percent of the
Colorado River that is needed to irrigate a similar  area.

In most years, the amount of water withdrawn and stored in the East would be
imperceptible. Unlike the West, which requires gigantic reservoirs that take
billions of dollars to build and years to fill, in the East water can be stored
in inexpensive, off-stream storage ponds that do not require the damming of
rivers.

Because of the wetter climate, irrigation in the East will not produce the water
quantity or salt poisoning problems found in the West. But there are obstacles
peculiar to the East that will need to be addressed. Heavy rains can erode
tilled soils.  The use of no-till farming in an irrigated setting, however, can
preserve soil moisture and prevent erosion.

Runoff of fertilizer and chemicals can also be a problem. But with irrigation,
fertilizer can be watered into the roots  of crops before a big rain, which will
reduce runoff.

And although the annual average stream flows in the East are large, they fall to
critically low levels during the summer. Water for irrigation needs to be
withdrawn during the winter, when billions of gallons run to the sea.

The East can help answer the challenge of increasing bioenergy and replacing
food production in the face of declining agriculture in the West. But to realize
the region's potential, the federal government will need to provide money to
help farmers build storage ponds to catch winter water. Without a government
role, Eastern farmers may decide instead to forgo storage ponds and irrigate
on-demand from low-flow summer streams or from ground water. Neither strategy is
sustainable or good for the environment.

The East cannot and should not simply replace Western agriculture, but the East
should be prepared to pick up the slack as Western farmers lose water to urban
pressures and environmental concerns. To remain profitable in the face of
reduced water, farmers in the West will most likely gravitate from rice and
cotton to high-value crops, like winter lettuce, almonds and avocados, that fill
seasonal niches.

Based on an analysis of tree rings, the 20th century was the wettest century on
record in parts of the West. Eastern vegetables may not be as perfect as those
grown under irrigation in a desert, but if the West returns to a drier climate,
imperfect vegetables will look good indeed.

If the United States does not expand agriculture in the East, the nation's food
production will move offshore, to developing countries that may not manage
herbicides, pesticides and health safety as well as our country does.

By moving more of its agriculture into the East, the United States can show the
world that irrigation can be done  sustainably, by irrigating where water is
plentiful.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY JONATHON ROSEN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 22, 2007 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Let the East Bloom Again

BYLINE: By RICHARD T. McNIDER and JOHN R. CHRISTY.

Richard T. McNider and John R. Christy are professors of atmospheric science at
the University of Alabama in Huntsville.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 963 words


Huntsville, Ala.

THE United States faces two major security challenges this century. Both involve
water.

The increasing demand for water in the Western United States in an era of
diminishing supply has put America's highly efficient agricultural system in
jeopardy. At the same time, our nation's energy demands have led President Bush
and Congressional leaders from both parties to call for more domestic production
of biofuels like corn ethanol. Some agricultural experts fear that the country
does not have enough water and land to both  replace the declining agricultural
production in the arid West and   expand the production of biofuels.

There is, however, a sustainable solution: a return to using the land and water
of the East, which dominated agriculture in the United States into the 20th
century.

Until the middle of the 1900s, much of our country's food and fiber was produced
east of the Mississippi River. Maine led the nation in potato production in
1940, and New York wasn't far behind. The South, including Alabama, Georgia and
Mississippi, dominated cotton. Large amounts of corn were grown in almost every
state for consumption by the local livestock and poultry. Regional vegetable
markets, especially in the mid-Atlantic states, served the population centers of
the East.

By 1980, Western irrigation and improvements in transportation had largely
destroyed this Eastern system of agriculture. Irrigated cotton in Arizona,
California and Texas displaced the cotton economy of the Deep South. Idaho and
Washington became the nation's major potato producers. Corn production became
more concentrated in the Midwest.

Through irrigation, Western farmers were spared  the occasional droughts that
had plagued Eastern farmers, but the specialized Western system came with a
price. Water projects dried up the area's rivers. Salmon runs disappeared. Soils
were poisoned from the salt in irrigated water that is left behind after
evaporation.

Returning agricultural production to the Eastern United States under irrigation
would be efficient and environmentally sound. In the West, at least three to
four feet of water per acre is needed every year to produce a good crop. In the
East, only a few inches of irrigated water per acre are needed, because of the
region's heavier rainfall. Even in a dry year for the East, about a foot of
water per acre will suffice.

Because of the huge size of the rivers in the East and the small amount of water
required for Eastern irrigation, only a tiny fraction of the water in Eastern
rivers would be needed for farming. Right now, the Tennessee River, with twice
the natural flow of the Colorado River, has  less than 1 percent of its water
consumed for all uses, while the Colorado is just a memory when it reaches
Mexico.

Even if irrigation in the East were significantly expanded, the region's rivers
would not be as depleted as the West's. Three percent of the Alabama River would
support one million irrigated acres, compared with the nearly 30 percent of the
Colorado River that is needed to irrigate a similar  area.

In most years, the amount of water withdrawn and stored in the East would be
imperceptible. Unlike the West, which requires gigantic reservoirs that take
billions of dollars to build and years to fill, in the East water can be stored
in inexpensive, off-stream storage ponds that do not require the damming of
rivers.

Because of the wetter climate, irrigation in the East will not produce the water
quantity or salt poisoning problems found in the West. But there are obstacles
peculiar to the East that will need to be addressed. Heavy rains can erode
tilled soils.  The use of no-till farming in an irrigated setting, however, can
preserve soil moisture and prevent erosion.

Runoff of fertilizer and chemicals can also be a problem. But with irrigation,
fertilizer can be watered into the roots  of crops before a big rain, which will
reduce runoff.

And although the annual average stream flows in the East are large, they fall to
critically low levels during the summer. Water for irrigation needs to be
withdrawn during the winter, when billions of gallons run to the sea.

The East can help answer the challenge of increasing bioenergy and replacing
food production in the face of declining agriculture in the West. But to realize
the region's potential, the federal government will need to provide money to
help farmers build storage ponds to catch winter water. Without a government
role, Eastern farmers may decide instead to forgo storage ponds and irrigate
on-demand from low-flow summer streams or from ground water. Neither strategy is
sustainable or good for the environment.

The East cannot and should not simply replace Western agriculture, but the East
should be prepared to pick up the slack as Western farmers lose water to urban
pressures and environmental concerns. To remain profitable in the face of
reduced water, farmers in the West will most likely gravitate from rice and
cotton to high-value crops, like winter lettuce, almonds and avocados, that fill
seasonal niches.

Based on an analysis of tree rings, the 20th century was the wettest century on
record in parts of the West. Eastern vegetables may not be as perfect as those
grown under irrigation in a desert, but if the West returns to a drier climate,
imperfect vegetables will look good indeed.

If the United States does not expand agriculture in the East, the nation's food
production will move offshore, to developing countries that may not manage
herbicides, pesticides and health safety as well as our country does.

By moving more of its agriculture into the East, the United States can show the
world that irrigation can be done  sustainably, by irrigating where water is
plentiful.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY JONATHON ROSEN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  June 24, 2000 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BEATING THE BUG GORE FREES MONEY TO HELP STATE FIGHT GRAPE PEST

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: CALIFORNIA NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: FRESNO


Vice President Al Gore announced an agricultural state of emergency in
California on Friday to try to help the state combat the dreaded glassy-winged
sharpshooter that has caused millions of dollars in damage to the state's wine
industry.

The federal emergency designation will free up more than $22 million in the
fight to contain and eradicate the grape pest, which imperils the state's $18
billion a year in retail wine sales.

The inchlong pest carries Pierce's disease, which blocks the water-conducting
system of vines and reduces the flow of water to leaves, often killing the vine.
Vineyards in Southern California have already been hard hit, and the pest has
been slowly spreading into the Central Valley and Northern California.

The fresh infusion of Agriculture Department money, along with $14.8 million
from the state, will pay for surveys, research and education efforts meant to
crimp further spreading of the disease.

The exact division of the $22.3 million among trapping, education and research
tasks has not yet been decided. A fair share will end up filtering down to
county levels, where much of the field work is done.

"This pest could devastate California's grape and wine industry. If we don't
step up eradication and control efforts, we could see substantial agricultural
losses in the future," Gore said at a Democratic National Committee fund-raiser
in Menlo Park.

Ten counties have already been infested with the glassy-winged sharpshooter,
which led Gov. Gray Davis to ask for the emergency designation in May.

"The glassy-winged sharpshooter is not just a threat to the wine industry; it
threatens the entire agriculture industry," Davis said at a Friday news
conference.

"We need to vigorously respond to this threat. I believe we now have the
resources to do that."

California is contributing almost $15 million to the effort. Both the federal
and state funds will be distributed by the California Department of Food and
Agriculture.

County agriculture officials will be able to apply to the state for grants to
help detect, contain and eradicate the pest. Money will also be available to
researchers developing pesticides, bio-controls and crop varietiesresistant to
Pierce's disease.

Gore, campaigning in the Bay Area for the presidency Friday, joined with
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman in making the emergency declaration
announcement. Davis convened a Fresno news conference to praise the
administration's action.

It's customarily the president, rather than the vice president, who makes
announcements concerning emergency declarations. In Washington, though, it was
Gore's staff that alerted California congressional offices Tuesday.

"It's been in the works for a while," said Bobby Koch, Washington representative
and senior vice president for the Wine Institute. "A lot of spadework has been
done over many, many months."

Just last week, President Clinton signed a $15 billion farm insurance and farmer
bailout package that includes funds for reimbursing California farmers who have
lost crops to Pierce's disease. At least $7.14 million of the total is to be
spent combating the disease, which can also spread to almond, peach and citrus
orchards.

Congress, urged by California lawmakers, is grafting assistance into other bills
as well.

The House version of the Agriculture Department's fiscal 2001 budget includes an
additional $1.1 million in Agricultural Research Service funds targeting both
Pierce's disease and the glassy-winged sharpshooter. Passage of that bill has
been hung up over Republican leadership opposition to an unrelated provision
that lifts the food trade embargo on Cuba.

The Senate's version of the Agriculture Department funding bill offers $700,000
for Pierce's disease research. Because of the differences, House and Senate
negotiators eventually will have to compromise on how much to spend. The funds
will pay for research into some promisingly lethal chemicals, natural biological
enemies and the development of immune grape varieties.

California lawmakers are looking, as well, for other legislative vehicles to add
further research funds and possible reimbursements for farmers in the 10
infested California counties.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: UC REGENTS
The glassy-winged sharpshooter, bottom,
and the blue-green sharpshooter carry Pierce's disease.
[000624 CA 3B]
PHOTO: ERIC PAUL ZAMORA -- THE FRESNO BEE
Termite specialist Jeremy Cantrell sprays an insecticide called Sevin Carbaryl
to protect plants from the grape pest.
[000624 CA 3B]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                          September 11, 2004 Saturday

Ottawa gives $488 million in mad cow aid

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 545  words


The Canadian beef industry, devastated by the mad cow crisis, will be getting a
multimillion-dollar lifeline to ensure it survives whether or not the United
States market is ever reopened, Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell announced
Friday.

Mitchell said the complex new program will have three goals: to increase
slaughter capacity in Canada, to implement transition measures needed to sustain
the industry while those packing plants are being built, and to increase foreign
markets in an effort to lessen dependency on the U.S.

He said it represents a shift away from previous government aid programs, which
assumed that the cross-border cattle trade would eventually resume.

"What we are seeking to do with today's announcement is to reposition the beef
industry so that it can return to profitability with or without a border
opening," Mitchell told a news conference.

The package includes $488 million in new federal dollars, Mitchell said. Alberta
Agriculture Minister Shirley McClellan said her government will also kick in
$230 million of new money, part of which will go to a 40 per cent share of
federal programs.

The national package includes support for calf producers, who had feared prices
would fall through the floor this fall. There are provisions for fast-tracking
the development of new packing plants and also money to help kill thousands of
aging cattle.

Millions of dollars and thousands of jobs have been lost since May 20, 2003,
when bovine spongiform encephalopathy - also known as BSE or mad cow disease -
was diagnosed in a northern Alberta breeder cow.

The United States immediately closed its border to all beef products and live
cattle, as did more than 30 other countries. Some cuts of beef are now allowed
to flow south, but live cattle are still banned.

It's estimated the closure has cost the Canadian industry and rural communities
more than $6 billion. Federal and provincial governments had previously spent a
total of $1.6 billion to help producers deal with the crisis.

Historically, the United States has been the make-or-break market for Canadian
producers. In 2002 Canada exported $1.8 billion of beef products to the U.S.

Friday's announcement came as producers warned that their industry was in
serious danger of collapse. A fattened steer that might have sold for $1,300 in
April 2003 now gets as little as $850 at the packing plant.

Stan Eby, president of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association, applauded the
package, noting it came after extensive consultation with the industry.

"This demonstrates a significant commitment to a comprehensive long-term plan
consistent with the new industry strategy approved and put forth by the CCA in
August," he said.

More than 4,200 jobs related to the beef industry have been lost, according to
Human Resources Development Canada.

The crisis has affected related industries, including feed grain growers,
truckers, farm equipment dealers, rodeo stock suppliers, rendering plants and
pet food operations.

And it isn't just the cattle industry - the U.S. border closure extends to deer,
elk, sheep, goats, caribou and bison.

Mitchell paid tribute to those who have suffered the most.

"The beef industry is an important one to Canada and to Canadians nationally,
regardless of where they may live," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANDY MITCHELL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Water remains critical issue for Yuma area

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words


July 25--Matt Molenar's 6-year-old daughter really thinks there needs to be a
change in the use of water in the family's home, so he now turns off the faucet
while he's brushing his teeth.

Does that help in the need to conserve water, he wondered during a forum on
water issues held Wednesday during Greater Yuma Economic Development
Corporation's quarterly luncheon. Or is it just a drop in the very large bucket
of water that needs to be conserved to meet future needs for the resource in the
West?

Three-second showers and 2-second tooth brushing do help but are indeed just a
drop in the bucket in the projected future needs for conserved water, responded
forum speaker Tom Davis, general manager of the Yuma County Water Users
Association. For example, he noted, more than 70 percent of Arizona's water is
used by agriculture.

It's often been suggested that farmers are wasting that water and need to
practice more conservation.

Davis refuted those charges, saying farmers don't use any more water than they
have to.

"Farmers use water as efficiently as possible," he said. "It costs money to
waste water."

Added John Boelts, a Yuma-area farmers and fellow speaker: "Agriculture does not
waste water."

To save even more would require new technology that does not now exist.

But his fellow farmers in Yuma County do use it to produce 175 different crops
that provide healthy food for families across the nation and around the world,
he said. With an estimated value of $3.2 billion, agriculture is Yuma County's
No. 1 economic engine, employing thousands of people and touching virtually
every business in the area.

Boelts observed that more than 900 trucks a day come through Yuma from
Thanksgiving to April 1 to pick up loads of fresh vegetables for markets across
the United States and Canada.

"It has a profound impact and we're proud of what we do," Boelts said.

And Davis' job is to ensure that the farmers in the Yuma Valley receive a stable
and affordable supply of water to produce those crops.

That it can be accomplished is the result of the huge diversion dams and
irrigation systems on the Colorado River that control its flow and provide water
storage, he said.

But a lot of people are advocating to do away with that control, he said.

"There are powerful groups in the U.S. that don't believe the river should be
dammed with huge irrigation systems," Davis said. "But we wouldn't be able to
feed the world without them."

And the faucets in large cities would just flow sand in a short time, he
predicted.

Threats to Yuma's water are coming from other directions as well.

Ken Rosevear, executive director of the Yuma County Chamber of Commerce, traced
the history of one such effort, the introduction in the 2013 Legislature by
House Speaker Andy Tobin of HB 2338 that would have authorized water
augmentation authorities that could buy and sell water.

Yuma County saw the bill as a water grab of its water and mounted a campaign to
fight it. As a result, Rep. Brenda Barton, chair of the House Water and
Agriculture Committee, held the bill. In the last few weeks, she and other
members of an ad hoc committee have been meeting with stakeholders in Yuma,
Sierra Vista, Flagstaff, Prescott and Payson to gather input on water issues.
The next step is for the committee to review that input and consider possible
legislation for the 2014 session.

It's a process that people in the Yuma area have been heavily involved in and
will continue to do so, said Rosevear.

But he also believes that new legislation is not needed and the Legislature
should leave resolution of water issues to the water experts in local
communities.

Joyce Lobeck can be reached at jlobeck@yumasun.com or 539-6853.

___ (c)2013 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130725-YZ-Water-remains-critical-issue-for-Yuma-area-0725-20130725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2013 The Sun


                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          December 19, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Farm Subsidy Web Site Sows Discord;
Listing of Payment Details Raises Questions in Congress and Angers Recipients

BYLINE: John Lancaster, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A37

LENGTH: 1206 words


Suppose you could go to a Web site, type in the names of co-workers -- or maybe
your boss -- and find out how much money they make. Be honest -- you would. And
farmers, it seems, are no less curious than the rest of us.

Since its public debut on Nov. 6, a new Internet-accessible database that ranks
farmers by name according to the amount of federal subsidies they receive has
recorded 10.1 million searches. The payments often constitute the bulk of
farmers' income, and many of the hits have been by farmers eager to know how
they compare with the guy growing corn or soybeans down the road.

"To see my subsidies on that site was just like me being seen totally naked at a
school reunion," one farmer wrote recently in an online forum maintained by
Agriculture.com, the Web site of Successful Farming magazine. "Something has to
be done about that site because it is very embarrassing."

But nosy neighbors aren't the only ones logging on to the site.

Assembled from government records by the Washington-based Environmental Working
Group, a nonprofit organization that wants to take money from crop programs and
spend it on conservation, the Web site has assumed a prominent place in the
farm-policy debate in Washington. That debate is now at a fever pitch as the
Senate struggles with legislation that would extend for five years the
traditional row-crop subsidies that have governed American agriculture since the
1930s.

Subsidy recipients that have turned up on the database include Fortune 500
companies, colleges and universities, at least a dozen members of Congress, the
North Carolina Department of Transportation, wealthy city dwellers, lobbyists
for major farm organizations, a former Miss America, media mogul Ted Turner,
former Chase Manhattan Bank chairman David Rockefeller and former Washington
Post executive editor Benjamin C. Bradlee. (Bradlee is shown to have received $
3,500 in conservation payments in 1998 for a farm he owns in St. Mary's County.)

Though hardly typical, the proliferation of such tales has buttressed charges by
lawmakers and others that subsidies intended to help struggling family farmers
instead flow disproportionately to the wealthiest growers, most of whom are in
the Midwest and South.

Among those who recently have made use of the database (at www.EWG.org) are
Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman, Assistant Senate Minority Leader Don
Nickles (R-Okla.) and Sen. Richard. G. Lugar (R-Ind.), the ranking Republican on
the Senate Agriculture Committee, all of whom are sharply critical of the Senate
bill.

"I've downloaded a number of pages that I thought were very helpful in trying to
get some idea of the flow of money," said Lugar, who last week, during a speech
on the Senate floor, urged his colleagues to look at the site. "If senators, or
members of the House, really studied the situation, then they would have a
different kind of debate," Lugar said. Using his own state as an example, Lugar
found that 66 percent of federal farm subsidies in Indiana go to just 10 percent
of the farmers subsidized there. Lugar, who is part owner of a farm in Indiana,
last year received $ 2,950 in crop subsidies.

Spokesmen for farm groups say stories about wealthy beneficiaries obscure the
real needs of farmers suffering from the lowest commodity prices in 40 years.
Many farmers say the environmental group has violated their privacy by
publishing their subsidy income. And they worry that non-farmers will be misled
by the size of the figures, which initially are presented in five-year lump sums
that do not reflect the cost of production.

"They resent the fact that neighbors can look up their business," said Bob
Stallman, president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, the nation's largest
farmers organization. "I don't know that Social Security is public."

Stallman, a Texas rice farmer who got $ 323,800 in subsidies between 1996 and
2000, according to the database, said it is hardly surprising that the largest
share of subsidies goes to the biggest farmers, given that "those who produce
more get more payments." And he disputed claims that farm programs promote the
concentration of agriculture, saying that many medium-size farms would have been
gobbled up by larger ones long ago if subsidies had not helped them stay in
business.

For all the attention it has generated, the database has not prevented farm
interests from getting their way in Congress this year, at least so far. The
farm bill passed by the House earlier this year scrapped the premise of the 1996
Freedom to Farm Act, which sought to wean farmers from subsidies in favor of the
free market. Traditional crop payments also are enshrined in the Senate bill,
which the Senate's Democratic leaders hope to pass before Congress adjourns for
Christmas.

While the Bush administration does not support either bill, it is especially
critical of the Senate version, saying it will promote overproduction and
depress prices while undercutting free trade.

"I don't think it's had nearly the impact the environmentalists wanted it to
have," Stallman said of the database. "Everyone that's been involved in farm
policy and understands the structure of the farm program knows those numbers are
there. It was no revelation to us."

The Agriculture Department had long refused to release details on subsidy
payments, citing privacy concerns. But in 1996, a federal judge ruling in a case
brought by The Washington Post found that the release of such data was a matter
of "significant public interest." The Environmental Working Group then obtained
it under a Freedom of Information Act request.

"It makes the debate real," Ken Cook, the group's president, said of the Web
site, which has generated heavy Internet traffic in rural areas. "The only way
these [subsidies] are going to become an important policy debate is if farmers
understand them more than abstractly, in a really up-close, grounded way."

Among those paying special attention to the Web site are landowners who lease
their property to farmers, who in turn collect federal payments for the crops
they grow. "We have gotten a lot of reaction from people who say, 'Now that I
know what my tenant is getting in crop subsidies, I'm going to renegotiate my
lease,' " Cook said.

"There's a lot of cafe talk going on," agreed Greg Stephens, who grows wheat in
northwest Kansas and also teaches business at Kansas State University in Salina.
"People are surprised that [the subsidies] are as large as they appear."

There are signs that the cafe talk is starting to filter back to Washington. For
example, while few lawmakers are willing to go as far as Lugar, who wants to
rebuild farm programs from the ground up, a number have signaled support for an
amendment by Sen. Byron L. Dorgan (D-N.D.) that would lower the ceiling on
annual subsidies for farmers from $ 460,000 to $ 275,000. Dorgan's approach is
one favored by small-farm owners who say existing programs drive up land prices
and favor the largest operations.

"We ought to concentrate the resources we have on family farmers," said Barry
Piatt, Dorgan's spokesman. "If someone wants to farm the next two counties, God
bless them, but they don't need the government's help to do it."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 17, 2008 Sunday
                                  CITY Edition

Central Platte NRD sets up Nebraska's first water bank

BYLINE: ALGIS J. LAUKAITIS, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: D; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 990 words


The Central Platte Natural Resources District has one of the strangest banks in
Nebraska.

The Grand Island-based district isn't putting cash into the bank. Instead it's
depositing irrigation  rights.

Basically, the natural resources district pays landowners who voluntarily agree
not to pump groundwater to irrigate their crops - ever. In effect, the district
is saving water to meet its current responsibilities and for future uses.

Ron Bishop, general manager of the Central Platte NRD, calls it water banking.
"It's accounting for and tracking water savings," he said when asked for a
simple definition.

Bishop didn't coin the term or come up with the idea. Several other states have
established water banks. Kansas, for example, uses its water bank to ensure
there's enough  water in an aquifer for a wildlife refuge on Rattlesnake Creek.

But the Central Platte NRD is the first to establish one in Nebraska.  And
Bishop believes more water banks will be created as the state struggles with new
water regulations, water shortages and increasing demands for water  from
agriculture, industry and municipalities.

Three other natural resources districts - Twin Platte in North Platte, Tri-Basin
in Holdrege and North Platte in Gering -  also are interested in establishing
water banks.

The Central Platte NRD began its water banking program last July with $1.5
million in its 2008 budget.

"We made the first purchase in October, and by Christmastime it (the $1.5
million) was gone," Bishop said.

The money was used to acquire the irrigation rights on seven or eight tracts of
land along the Platte River, mostly in Dawson County, he said. There also was
one tract in neighboring Buffalo County.

Based on the initial success of the water banking program and interest from
landowners, the Central Platte NRD board has  authorized its staff to borrow up
to $2 million to pay for additional irrigation rights as they become available,
Bishop said.

Why the interest at a time when corn and soybean prices are high and irrigation
is a sure-fire  way of boosting  crop yields?

"In a lot of cases, what we are doing is acquiring the irrigation water on
pieces of ground that are difficult to farm or difficult to irrigate," Bishop
explained, adding that some of the tracts are center-pivot corners or odd shaped
with different crop row lengths.

The price paid to landowners who sign up for the water bank program varies,
Bishop said. In November, according to the district's Web site, the board of
directors approved the payment of $470,000 for four easements.

At a recent water conference in Holdrege, Bishop said the amount is negotiated
between the landowner and the NRD.  He said the district wants to  get the
"highest quality" irrigation right which will return the most amount of water to
the river.

"A water right in central Dawson County close to the river is of more value to
the NRD than at Duncan because the river is not over-appropriated there," he
told the audience, made up of mostly irrigators.

The Central Platte NRD turned to water banking as a way to restore water flows
in the over-appropriated Platte River Basin west of Elm Creek.  Bishop told the
Holdrege audience that it could take 10 years to get that section of river
restored to fully-appropriated status.

To comply with the state's new water law, LB962, and the Platte River Recovery
Implementation Program - agreed to by Nebraska, Colorado and Wyoming and the
federal government - the Central Platte NRD is required to offset any new uses
of water after 2005 by agriculture, municipalities  and industry.

Bishop said his district has to offset any water depletions to the Platte River
that would impact the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services' target flows for
endangered species that use the river (such as the piping plover or least tern)
or existing water rights.

Brad Mellema, director of Audubon's Rowe Sanctuary near Gibbon, said the water
bank, in theory, should provide more water for the Platte River and help
wildlife.

"The reality of actually having water in the river remains to be seen," Mellema
said. "We hope it does."

The Central Platte NRD has not established an annual quota for signing up
landowners for its water bank program.

Said Bishop:  "All we can get with the money we've got -  that's our target."

Reach Algis J. Laukaitis at (402) 473-7243 or alaukaitis@journalstar.com

LANDOWNERS SOUGHT FOR WATER BANKING

What?  A water bank is a way of accounting for and tracking water savings. The
goal is to comply with state law and to offset any new uses of water from the
Platte River in a specific region.

Who? The Central Platte Natural Resources District based in Grand Island has
established the first water bank in Nebraska.

Why? To balance the water supply and uses of the Platte River, west of Elm
Creek. The Nebraska Department of Natural Resources has declared that section of
the river as over-appropriated. Therefore, no new water depletions are allowed
in that stretch of the river basin. The district is working to change the status
to fully appropriated, and establishing a water bank is one of its strategies.

How does it work? A landowner voluntarily grants a permanent conservation
easement on irrigated land. In return, the landowner receives financial
compensation and retains the water right. The landowner agrees not to use the
water right for irrigation, thus keeping more water in the river. But the
landowner is allowed to dryland farm with corn, milo and other crops and
grasses. To ensure compliance, the land is monitored with infrared photography.
Easements are reviewed by local governmental entities before they are approved
by the NRD.

What's next? The Central Platte NRD wants to build up its water bank and is
seeking willing landowners, especially in the western part of its district in
Dawson County. At least three other NRDs are considering establishing  water
banks: Twin Platte in North Platte, Tri-Basin in Holdrege and North Platte in
Gering.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Central Platte Natural Resources has begun a waterbanking plan in
an effort to balance the water supply and uses of the Platte River, west of Elm
Creek. Photo shows the Platte as it flows through Dawson County. Central Platte
Natural Resources District

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

SAS CEO Jim Goodnight Mixes Growth With Joy; Inspire: His upbeat office boosts
innovation and retention

BYLINE: SCOTT S. SMITH

SECTION: LEADERS & SUCCESS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1421 words


Goodnight's Keys

** Founder/CEO of SAS Institute, the largest private provider of data analysis
software and service.

** Overcame: Small market for data analysis.

** Lesson: Build systems into your company to support excellence.

** "Goodnight has been a real innovator in how to manage a business," said Brian
Turchin, CEO of Cape Horn Strategies.

Jim Goodnight co-founded SAS Institute in 1976 to grow bigger hogs cheaper.

Its statistical analysis system -- hence the SAS title -- also helped farmers
grow more rice and get more milk from cows.

The Cary, N.C., company (pronounced "Sass") has branched out since its college
ag research origins.

Now a leader in business analytics -- checking the massive flow of data to
inform decisions -- it serves 91 of the Fortune Global 100.

SAS' tasks range from preventing money laundering and insurance fraud to helping
drugmakers navigate regulations and energy companies forecast demand.

In 2013, SAS reported its 38 th straight year of increasing revenue, reaching
$3.02 billion (the privately held company does not disclose earnings).

"With our new Visual Analytics, we've provided a really cool tool to explore
billions of rows of data, making it accessible to everyone by showing the
results in bar charts, plot charts and tables almost instantaneously,"
Goodnight, who's still the CEO, told IBD.

Goodnight, 71, got turned on to science by a great teacher at his Wilmington,
N.C., high school.

He took his first computer course at North Carolina State and got a job writing
software for the university's agriculture department. Meanwhile, he married Ann
and they would have three children.

On To Business

While working on his master's degree in statistics (awarded in 1968), he became
a programmer for a company making electronic equipment for communicating with
the Apollo space capsules. Seeing that its annual turnover was 50%, he vowed
that one day he would create a better work environment.

He earned his Ph.D. in 1972 and joined the N.C. State faculty.

By then he was into the farm data analysis business, funded by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

When government money dried up, other colleges yearning for the data paid.
Pharmaceutical firms were also interested.

By 1976, with 350 users lining up, Goodnight and colleagues John Sall, Tony Barr
and Jane Helwig left academia and formed SAS.

The new firm was profitable in six months and had sales of $138,000 the first
year. Goodnight says it has never had debt. The chief executive said he's
refused to take the company public because that would add "huge pressure to
sacrifice long-term strength and stability for short-term gains."

One key to SAS' moneymaking has been what's often called a work utopia, now
based on 300 acres (an additional 600 are planned).

The 2014 Fortune list of Best Companies to Work For ranks SAS No. 2, just behind
Google.

"We don't want people to be distracted by outside concerns when we need them to
focus on innovation," Goodnight explained. "The creativity they bring to SAS is
a competitive advantage, and it's my job to maintain a work environment that
keeps them eager to come back every morning."

Some of the campus benefits:

** Flexible work schedules and generous compensation that motivate people to get
projects done on time in the right way.

** A 66,000-square-foot fitness and rec center where employees can watch movies
from the pool.

** Day care, beauty salon, dry cleaning, pharmacy, doctors and psychologists.

** Help in finding a good nursing home for aging parents or the right college
for kids.

It's no wonder turnover among the 14,000 employees is about 4% a year vs. the
software industry's average 15.5%. Average tenure for SAS staff in America is 10
years vs. 4.6 years across industries.

That retention means a savings of around $100 million a year that would
otherwise go to recruiting and training, the company says.

In 2013, SAS received 50,000 applications for 300 openings.

In core areas, such as sales and research and development, the company typically
receives 200 applicants per opening.

Another benefit to having happy employees who aren't exhausted while working is
fewer program bugs. Employees also have closer relationships with clients, 90%
of whom say they expect to stay as customers for at least five more years.

That reduces marketing costs. One reason: SAS product innovation is driven by
customers, who vote every year on top priorities, many of which get implemented.

When the Great Recession raged in 2008, SAS sales plummeted. But while
competitors laid off workers in droves, Goodnight assured his that they had job
security, letting everyone concentrate on developing new products and services.

Having committed and creative workers was crucial. This was a new tech juncture,
with SAS facing rivals zipping service over the Net to mobile devices.
Goodnight's software needed updating.

Big Numbers

The challenge was made massive by Big Data, the tidal wave of information --
texts, videos, voice -- that reached 2.8 trillion gigabytes in 2012, according
to International Data Corp., and is expected to be 14 times bigger by 2020.

"Only half of 1% of this is analyzed in any way," said Thomas Davenport, author
of "Big Data at Work." "In a 2013 survey of readers of the Harvard Business
Review, only 28% said their organizations were "using Big Data to make better
business decisions or create new business opportunities.'

"A decade ago, the costs of computing, data management and data analysis were
major impediments to analysis. Today, startups and online firms make heavy use
of inexpensive and free resources, and they can make decisions based on facts
instead of relying on gut feel."

In the thick of backing that decision-making process is SAS.

Goodnight's firm maintains its edge in part because it reinvests a quarter of
revenue into R&D vs. the industry average of 10%.

As he expected, when employees six years ago faced the biggest challenge in the
firm's existence, they went into innovation overdrive.

"We had a bank in Singapore come to us in the summer of 2008 and ask if we could
reduce the 18 hours it took to run their risk calculations on a single
processor," said Goodnight. "We spread out the problem on massively parallel
computers and put the memory into the computers, bringing the time down to 12
minutes. We can now run everything that way, harnessing the power of the latest
Intel chips. The transformation of our products in the past five years has been
the biggest since we began writing code for PCs in the mid-1980 s."

Global

SAS has clicked drawing clients all over the map, with its programs running on
70,000 sites. Among its customers: Dun & Bradstreet, Amway China, Visa, Nestle,
Staples, DirecTV, the Spanish air force, Bank of America and the U.S. Census
Bureau.

Goodnight sees retail firms ramping up use of analytics as they track customer
spending habits.

SAS is rising to the opportunity, says Davenport, pointing to the firm's link
with Macy's: "Merchandise pricing optimization for its 73 million items for sale
has been reduced from over 27 hours to just over an hour, making it possible to
reprice items more frequently to adapt to changing conditions in the
marketplace.

"The website (Macys.com) itself is equivalent to a single store in the
retailer's structure, but is growing at a 50% rate, faster than any other part
of the business. It's heavily focused on customer-oriented analytical
applications involving personalization, email targeting and search engine
optimization to attract new customers."

Also in the Big Data fast lane, says Goodnight, is the car industry, with autos
wirelessly broadcasting information about their operations back to manufacturers
with their sharp, onboard computers.

What worries Goodnight is an American education system failing to encourage
students to study the STEM subjects: science, technology, engineering, math.

"The forecast is that we're going to fall a million graduates short in STEM over
the next decade and innovation will go where workers are qualified, like India
and China," he said "We've really dumbed down the curriculum in the past
decade."

Backing up his talk, SAS has invested $75 million in its online learning
program, Curriculum Pathways, free to 28,000 schools.

Forbes estimates Goodnight's net worth at $7.2 billion, virtually all of it
invested in SAS. He has repeatedly refused acquisition offers because he does
not want its distinctive culture changed.

Asked about whether he has made plans for succession, he responds: "I'm having
too much fun. I plan to be here for a long time."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 29, 2010 Wednesday

$2.4M grant, $1.1M loan to fund Port Clinton sewage system

BYLINE: Amanda Leigh Brozana, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words


Dec. 29--PORT CLINTON -- U.S. Rep. Tim Holden on Tuesday delivered a ceremonial
check for about $3.5 million dollars to borough council members, which will be
used for a centralized sanitary sewage collection system.

Council President Greg Boltz called the money a "very merry Christmas present"
for the borough.

Boltz said significant problems exist with current sewage disposal throughout
the town, including wildcat systems that flow into rivers and streams, as well
as home systems that often back up into yards.

"You have small yards with sewage building up in the same yards children are
playing," Boltz said.

Councilman Barry Reppert said the project has been discussed since the early
1970s, but for more than 15 years the council has been actively seeking funds
and discussing ways to clean up the network of "unsanitary" sewage systems in
place.

"We've cleaned town up a lot," Reppert said, referring to the removal of open
sewage streams that once were common throughout the borough. "I'm more worried
about people getting sick in this town, and we want to improve this for the next
generation."

Holden, D-17, who is the vice chairman of the House agriculture committee, said
this is the first time since about 15 years ago when Girardville received
funding for a sewage system that he has presented a check with more grant money
than loan money included.

Of the $3,472,300, $2,363,300 is a grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development, while $1,109,900 is a loan at a 2.5 percent interest rate.

"If ever there was a time, now is it," Boltz said.

Holden said he had been working with the council for many years to secure
funding.

"A number of issues, through several administrations, had to be addressed to
work it out," Holden said. "The USDA sees the benefit from this project."

Boltz said the borough previously sought funding through PennVEST, but it
required the sewage treatment plant to be placed on the land where the borough's
Little League field sits, something the council was not willing to do away with
in order to put a sewage system in place.

Mike Pohronezny, the president of the borough's engineering firm, Systems
Designs Engineers, said he expects project design, permitting and construction
will take more than two years to complete.

Pohronezny said the sewage system will serve borough residents as well as 3Cs
Restaurant in West Brunswick Township, just outside the borough. It may also, in
the future, serve some residents of Hamburg.

The system will pump waste to a Hamburg treatment facility, Pohronezny said.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101229-RN-2.4M-grant-1.1M-loan-to-fund-Port-Clinton-sewage-system-1229-2010122
9

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 10, 2002 Sunday 1ST EDITION
                              Correction Appended

A clear-cut drought solution?  Logging urged to boost runoff, but eco-groups
object

BYLINE: Theo Stein , Denver Post Environment Writer

SECTION: NEWS DESK; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1680 words


State officials intend to push a program of aggressive logging that  would
change the face of Colorado's high-country forests for  decades in hopes of
increasing the water supply.

Up to half a million acre-feet of new water - enough to supply a  million
families - could be created by sawing out clear-cuts in  clumps and thinning
trees on broad swaths of federal and state  land, according to Kent Holsinger,
the top water official in the  Colorado Department of Natural Resources.

Cutting mountain forests to produce water has been studied on small  plots since
the Depression, but has never been applied as broadly  as officials of Gov. Bill
Owens' administration now advocate. With  Republicans in control of the
statehouse and in Washington, big  projects are now expected to get serious
consideration from state  and federal officials.

'The idea of more actively managing forests to mitigate wildfire  and help
restore water yields holds tremendous promise,' Holsinger  said.

Holsinger and other officials have been stumping across the state  for several
months, promising drought-stricken communities that new  water will follow new
logging projects.

'With scientific data showing active management can result in more  water for
Coloradans, this is right near the top of the list of  things we need to look
at,' said U.S. Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Grand  Junction, who chairs the House
Forest Health Subcommittee. 'Heaven  knows we can use all the water we can get.'

Mark Rey, an undersecretary with the U.S. Department of Agriculture  and a
former timber lobbyist, said existing forest plans, which  direct logging on
federal land, could be changed to help achieve  state goals.

'We are eager to work with the state as we go through the forest  plan revision
process to see under what circumstances we can agree  to increase water yield
for aquatic species and downstream users,'  he said.

Environmentalists cry foul

Environmentalists have universally panned the concept, which they  say doesn't
work everywhere but is guaranteed to increase flooding  and degrade mountain
streams.

'This is beyond harebrained,' said Chris Wood, who was an adviser  to Forest
Service chief Mike Dombeck during the Clinton  administration. 'This will
produce a tremendous backlash when  people see what this looks like on the
ground.'

The idea is simple: Removing trees allows more snow to fall to the  ground,
where it runs off into streams and rivers during the  spring. Some forest
researchers and many water users complain that  Colorado's high country has
grown too many trees in the last few  decades, trees that intercept snow which
would otherwise add to the  snowpack that melts and runs downhill to farmers and
cities every  spring.

Huge amounts of forest - between 25 percent and 40 percent of a  watershed -
have to be cut to achieve this increased water yield,  according to the research
being used to support the effort. And  land managers would have to maintain
those clear-cuts or keep  making new ones to keep that extra water flowing.

But those same studies show that removing tree cover only produces  extra water
during the spring runoff - when it's not needed. And  the largest increases are
in wet years, not during drought. So  logging for water would require new and
enlarged reservoirs,  something that Owens has already indicated is a top
priority.

The Owens administration has been careful to cast this as a forest  health
effort, saying that increased logging can serve the dual  benefit of reducing
wildfire risk while providing more water as  forests are returned to a more
'natural' state.

But the dry, over-dense pine forests that burned last summer never  get enough
snow to be sources of water to begin with. And a major  logging effort in the
high country will necessarily mean less money  is available to thin the Front
Range red zone that burned so  fiercely in 2002.

Generating water requires cutting the moist high snow forests that  only burn
once every few centuries, when drought makes them so  flammable that no amount
of thinning or firebreaks will help.

'The link between logging for fire mitigation and logging for  water is a false
one,' said environmental hydrologist Dan Luecke  of Boulder.

Experiment tried in Fraser

Most of the research on how logging can increase runoff in the  Rockies has been
done at the experimental forest in Fraser, where  water yield from the 714-acre
Fool Creek watershed has been  continuously monitored for 60 years.

Foresters removed 40 percent of the watershed's trees with  alternating strips
of clear-cuts in 1956, and documented a 40  percent increase in water flowing
through a gauge at the bottom of  the valley when compared with a nearby
watershed that was not cut.

And the yield has been long-lived - four decades later, half of the  increase
can still be measured at a stream gauge at the foot of the  valley, said retired
Forest Service researcher Chuck Troendle,  whose work underpins much of the
support for logging for water.

Flows increased the most during wet years, and almost not at all  during
droughts, he said. That means the surplus water has to be  captured in
reservoirs and stored - perhaps for many years - until  it's needed.

But Troendle also found that the number of high-flow days each  spring doubled,
resulting in increased scouring of the stream  channel.

The only large-scale demonstration of the concept was implemented  on the
4,100-acre Coon Creek watershed of the Encampment River in  southern Wyoming.
Twenty-four percent of the watershed was removed  in patch cuts during the early
1990s, producing a 17 percent  increase in flow, said Troendle.

Two years ago, Troendle calculated that 185,000 acre-feet of water  a year could
be created by a logging program that cut half of the  1.1 million acres of
national forest land in the North Platte  watershed over a 120-year period.

But he also said any increase in streamflow downstream of the  forest would be
so small that it would be undetectable.

Holsinger said the state intends to increase logging on the  70,000-acre
Colorado State Forest in Jackson County immediately.  And he said the Owens
administration wants all national forest  plans to identify increasing water
yield as a primary goal.

Clear-cutting would be required on lodgepole pine stands, a  practice that would
eat away at habitat favored by the federally  threatened lynx and other interior
forest species. The result would  be the clusters of openings found at Coon
Creek, which Troendle  acknowledges have a significant environmental impact.

'It's pure destruction,' said Luecke, as he examined a photo of  the watershed.
'It looks like it was carpet-bombed. This is an  outrageous idea. There's no way
it can be economically viable.'

Troendle said thinning could be used in the spruce-fir forests  where most of
Colorado's water-bearing snowpack collects. But the  proportion of trees removed
- 25 percent to 40 percent - would have  to be the same.

Success elsewhere doubted

Many scientists, however, doubt that logging for water would be as  successful
in other parts of Colorado. In the 1970s, Richard  Gaudagno studied what
happened to runoff after ski runs were cut at  Eldora Mountain.

He discovered that deep snow collected in the spruce-fir stands,  while the open
runs were scoured almost bare by the winds - the  exact opposite of what
Troendle found in the Fraser study just a  few miles away.

Troendle's studies also showed that cutting on the slopes with the  wrong
exposure or too much wind would result in no new water.

And the environmental cost could be immense. Removing trees causes  erosion,
which clogs streams with sediment that stifles habitat for  fish and aquatic
insects, environmentalists said.

'You're completely altering the hydrology of these systems for a  short-term
gain in water quantity,' said Wood, now the vice  president for conservation
programs at Trout Unlimited. 'But the  long-term impacts on water quality and
wildlife are immense.'

Greg Aplet, a forest ecologist with the Wilderness Society, said  that the
amount of water flowing off Colorado's middle-aged forests  is about to
naturally increase as they mature into old-growth  stands. The uniform tops of
today's forests may intercept snowfall,  but gaps caused by insects and storm
damage in old-growth forests  help capture snowfall.

'These forests are just at the point where water yield should come  back on its
own,' Aplet said. 'Why reset the clock now?'

Despite the official support, many environmentalists think  economics will be
the idea's undoing.

'You have to ask two questions: How much will it cost and what  else could we be
doing with the money?' said Luecke.

'The Forest Service has been losing money on logging projects in  Colorado for a
long time,' he said. 'It's expensive to build  roads and log on steep slopes,
and Colorado trees just don't get  that big. That's why the timber industry has
largely abandoned the  state.'

'The fact you do need to virtually clear-cut an entire area to get  some
measurable runoff - and then only in certain years - makes  this such a long
shot it doesn't seem to be worth all that  effort,' said former Colorado Natural
Resources director David  Getches, now a law professor at the University of
Colorado.

'We haven't done any planning for the state's water future, and  we're growing
like crazy,' Getches said. 'Frankly,  decision-makers have been caught
flat-footed, and they want to do  something. I hope they don't do something
destructive.'

"We're not going to solve water problems in the West by focusing  on the supply
side," said Wood. "We need to find ways to be more  efficient with the water we
have."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 11, 2002 / November 15, 2002

CORRECTION: TDue to a reporting error, a quote was incorrectly attributed in the
Page 1A Sunday story with the headline, "A clear-cut drought solution?" The
quote, "The Forest Service has been losing money on logging projects in Colorado
for a long time. It's expensive to build roads and log on steep slopes, and
Colorado trees just don't get that big. That's why the timber industry has
largely abandoned the state," should have been attributed to Greg Aplet, forest
ecologist with the Wilderness Society.

Because of a reporting error, an article on Page 1A Sunday about how forest
management could increase water yield incorrectly stated the amount of water
that could be gained by a logging program on 500,000 acres of the North Platte
watershed. Retired U.S. Forest Service researcher Chuck Troendle calculated that
an additional 50,000 to 55,000 acre-feet per year could be realized from active
management.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The 4,100-acre Coon Creek demonstration project in Wyoming shows
how lodgepole pine forests could be clear-cut in clumps to produce additional
runoff under proposals advocated by Colorado officials. Researchers say the
1990s project increased spring runoff by 17 percent, but environmentalists
object to the idea. Photo courtesy of Biodiversity Associates PHOTO: Photo
courtesy of U.S. Forest Service The classic study of logging to increase water
yield was done in the 1950s in the Fraser experimental forest. The clear-cuts in
the 714-acre watershed increased runoff 40 percent, according to the study.  The
Denver Post/Jonathan Moreno Logging for water

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

Cattle industry group following the rules?

BYLINE: Alan Guebert

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 713 words


You know it's going to be a bad day when you open your e-mail and see that day's
New York Times sporting your picture pleading over why your organization ...
well, here's how the Aug. 2 Times' explained it:

"An influential cattle industry group misused money raised from ranchers and
farmers for promoting beef sales and violated federal rules by spending some of
it to support lobbying activities, according to an outside financial review."

The "influential cattle group" is the National Cattlemen's Beef Association.

The "misused" money came from the beef checkoff.

The picture is of Forrest Roberts, CEO of the NCBA.

The "federal rules violated" is what the U.S. Department of Agriculture, major
farm groups and thousands of checkoff-paying cowboys predicted might happen when
the NCBA announced a new "governance" structure earlier this year: NCBA, the
checkoff's prime contractor, is so tightly tied to the checkoff that it's often
impossible to distinguish where the NCBA ends and checkoff's Cattlemen's Beef
Board (CBB) begins.

In fact, the "outside financial review" - actually, only a quick peek at about 1
percent of the paperwork for the more than $100 million of checkoff money that
flowed through the NCBA from October 2007 through February 2010 - showed "at
least $90,000 in questionable or poorly documented transactions," according to
auditing firm Clifton Gunderson.

The NCBA reacted angrily to the CBB releasing the results, noting that previous
reviews and audits went to the USDA, where they were quietly forgotten.

True, but most reviews were conducted by CBB staff. This time, the NCBA denied
CBB access to records and requested an outside auditor for the work. The CBB
hired Clifton Gunderson; that burned another $70,000 of checkoff cash.

The NCBA then spent late July downplaying the review. Its officials, explained
the Times, "acknowledged some mistakes [but] said guidelines on how the
marketing money should be spent were often unclear."

Oh, unclear as in charging the checkoff $3,592 for Roberts' wife's travel to New
Zealand and, again, for her and their son to accompany Roberts to San Antonio?

It's confusing because, while both are clear violations of checkoff rules, in
reality, NCBA Prez Steve Foglesong explained to the Times, "(T)hat's not
anything different than what's been going on for a long, long time."

How long has the NCBA been spending checkoff money under its "long-long-time"
rules rather than federal law? Hard to say, but since the checkoff was
instituted in 1986 it has collected and spent more than $1.5 billion of producer
money.

The NCBA's lack of internal controls and inadequate accounting of checkoff
dollars is just the $54 million part - the amount of checkoff cash estimated to
flow to the group this year - of the iceberg you see. Just below the surface,
however, is the bigger, clearer conflict-of-interest between the NCBA and the
checkoff.

For example, many members of the CBB, appointed by the secretary of Agriculture,
also are longtime members of its chief contractor, the NCBA.

Another key player in both the NCBA and checkoff is the Federation of State Beef
Councils. By law, state councils control 50 cents of every checkoff dollar. Like
the CBB, most state councils contract with the NCBA to run some, maybe much, of
their checkoff programs.

And, like many CBB members, most federation members are NCBA members, too.

How can these multi-hatted CBB, Federation and NCBA members vote one penny of
checkoff spending to the NCBA and it not be a conflict of interest?

It's a crucial question now that the NCBA publicly joined its packer pals to
fight proposed USDA rules for fairer, more transparent livestock markets.

The NCBA can, of course, lobby for any policy its members choose. What it cannot
do, however, is use checkoff dollars in the effort.

The just-released results of the compliance review cast doubt on that not
happening because, clearly, it's happened - often - in the very recent past.

But even if it cleans up its act, why do cattle producers continue to spend 75
cents of every checkoff dollar with the NCBA when it represents only 1 of every
33 producers and wants to kill rules to strengthen markets for all 33?

Must be another of those long-long-time rules unique to the NCBA.

Guebert's e-mail: agcomm@sbcglobal.net

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday

SBP launches refinance scheme for Frontier, FATA

BYLINE:  Statesman Report

SECTION: Vol. 8 No. 697

LENGTH: 802  words


State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) on Friday launched two separate schemes aimed at
enhancing the flow of credit to Small and Rural Enterprises with greater
emphasis on revitalisation of business activities in the troubled areas of
Frontier, Federally Administered Tribal Area (FATA) and Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).

The new schemes are: Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small and Rural Enterprises and
Refinance Scheme for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and GB.

While unveiling the details of Credit Guarantee Scheme, SBP Governor Syed Salim
Raza said under the scheme launched under the Financial Inclusion Programme
(FIP) of SBP, the banks will provide short and medium-term loans of up to three
years for both working capital and medium-term capital needs of up to a maximum
of Rs5.0 million at the mark-up rate of KIBOR (3 months) + 300bps.

State Bank will share bona fide losses of lending banks to the extent of 60% of
financing to their eligible borrowers, he said and added that half of the
resources under the scheme have been allocated for NWFP, FATA and
Gilgit-Baltistan, whereas the other half will be used for priority
clusters/areas of other parts of the country.

He said that the major objective of the scheme is to enhance the flow of credit
to those Small and Rural Enterprises which are creditworthy but cannot offer
adequate collateral to satisfy the normal requirements of banks.

Due to banks' perception about such customers being more risky, the SBP will
share banks' losses on their lending under the scheme, he said and added that
the scheme, apart from sharing credit risk of banks, will also contribute in
lowering the transaction costs.

The SBP governor said that the initial seed money for the scheme is GBP 8.0
million, under the FIP-funded by UK's Department for International Development
(DFID), with the option of later being bolstered up through further allocation
of funds from other sources including the federal government and
international/bilateral agencies.

Raza said the State Bank will allocate Credit Guarantee Limits (CGLs) to each of
the selected participating financial institutions (PFIs) on quarterly basis. For
the component of scheme reserved for the areas, all banks would be considered as
PFIs while for other component few banks in good financial condition and having
considerable share/expertise in small/rural/agricultural financing will qualify
for receiving credit guarantee under the scheme, he added.

Similarly, Salman disclosed that under the scheme the banks will provide
short-term facilities for working capital requirements and long-term facilities
for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and Gilgit- Baltistan. The rate of service charges under
the scheme will be linked with weighted average yields (WAY) of relevant 6
months Treasury Bills (TBs) and Pakistan Investment Bonds (PIBs).

Currently, the end user's rate will 2 be 8.50%, 9.20%, 9.70% and 10.25% for
up-to 1, 3, 5 and 7 year financing respectively.

"The scheme will remain valid up to December 31, 2012," he added.

He said that the banks will provide short-term facilities to meet working
capital requirements and long-term facilities for BMR/up-gradation of existing
SME units or installation/setting up of new SME units in NWFP, GB and FATA. Raza
said that under the two schemes, refinance/guarantee limits will be allocated to
participating financial institutions (PFIs) and hoped that banks will
enthusiastically participate in these two schemes in order to make them
successful.

Talking about importance of SME and agriculture sectors, the governor observed
that these sectors are the largest sources of employment in the country.

"Within these areas lie Pakistan's best projects for increased economic growth,
reduction in income disparities, poverty alleviation and the promotion of
innovation and entrepreneurship.

SME Sector's share in export earnings and GDP stands at 25% & 30% respectively',
he said and added that agriculture sector employs 42% of labour force,
contribute around 22% to GDP and 60% to exports directly or indirectly.

Moreover, as per latest survey, only 7% of total SMEs use formal financial
institutions for meeting their funding needs thus posing a big challenge to
banks, requiring them to enhance the level of credit to the neglected sectors of
the economy, he added.

He said that credit disbursement situation has further aggravated for SME and
agriculture sectors of Frontier, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan, where social and
economic infrastructure have been seriously damaged, thus, increasing manifold
risks of doing business in these areas.

"Taking cognisance of the situation, the State Bank has initiated many important
steps to improve the flow of credit to the agriculture and SME sectors and
provide boost to revitalisation efforts in the affected areas of the country,"
he informed the participants.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday

SBP launches refinance scheme for Frontier, FATA

BYLINE:  Statesman Report

SECTION: Vol. 8 No. 697

LENGTH: 802  words


State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) on Friday launched two separate schemes aimed at
enhancing the flow of credit to Small and Rural Enterprises with greater
emphasis on revitalisation of business activities in the troubled areas of
Frontier, Federally Administered Tribal Area (FATA) and Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).

The new schemes are: Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small and Rural Enterprises and
Refinance Scheme for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and GB.

While unveiling the details of Credit Guarantee Scheme, SBP Governor Syed Salim
Raza said under the scheme launched under the Financial Inclusion Programme
(FIP) of SBP, the banks will provide short and medium-term loans of up to three
years for both working capital and medium-term capital needs of up to a maximum
of Rs5.0 million at the mark-up rate of KIBOR (3 months) + 300bps.

State Bank will share bona fide losses of lending banks to the extent of 60% of
financing to their eligible borrowers, he said and added that half of the
resources under the scheme have been allocated for NWFP, FATA and
Gilgit-Baltistan, whereas the other half will be used for priority
clusters/areas of other parts of the country.

He said that the major objective of the scheme is to enhance the flow of credit
to those Small and Rural Enterprises which are creditworthy but cannot offer
adequate collateral to satisfy the normal requirements of banks.

Due to banks' perception about such customers being more risky, the SBP will
share banks' losses on their lending under the scheme, he said and added that
the scheme, apart from sharing credit risk of banks, will also contribute in
lowering the transaction costs.

The SBP governor said that the initial seed money for the scheme is GBP 8.0
million, under the FIP-funded by UK's Department for International Development
(DFID), with the option of later being bolstered up through further allocation
of funds from other sources including the federal government and
international/bilateral agencies.

Raza said the State Bank will allocate Credit Guarantee Limits (CGLs) to each of
the selected participating financial institutions (PFIs) on quarterly basis. For
the component of scheme reserved for the areas, all banks would be considered as
PFIs while for other component few banks in good financial condition and having
considerable share/expertise in small/rural/agricultural financing will qualify
for receiving credit guarantee under the scheme, he added.

Similarly, Salman disclosed that under the scheme the banks will provide
short-term facilities for working capital requirements and long-term facilities
for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and Gilgit- Baltistan. The rate of service charges under
the scheme will be linked with weighted average yields (WAY) of relevant 6
months Treasury Bills (TBs) and Pakistan Investment Bonds (PIBs).

Currently, the end user's rate will 2 be 8.50%, 9.20%, 9.70% and 10.25% for
up-to 1, 3, 5 and 7 year financing respectively.

"The scheme will remain valid up to December 31, 2012," he added.

He said that the banks will provide short-term facilities to meet working
capital requirements and long-term facilities for BMR/up-gradation of existing
SME units or installation/setting up of new SME units in NWFP, GB and FATA. Raza
said that under the two schemes, refinance/guarantee limits will be allocated to
participating financial institutions (PFIs) and hoped that banks will
enthusiastically participate in these two schemes in order to make them
successful.

Talking about importance of SME and agriculture sectors, the governor observed
that these sectors are the largest sources of employment in the country.

"Within these areas lie Pakistan's best projects for increased economic growth,
reduction in income disparities, poverty alleviation and the promotion of
innovation and entrepreneurship.

SME Sector's share in export earnings and GDP stands at 25% & 30% respectively',
he said and added that agriculture sector employs 42% of labour force,
contribute around 22% to GDP and 60% to exports directly or indirectly.

Moreover, as per latest survey, only 7% of total SMEs use formal financial
institutions for meeting their funding needs thus posing a big challenge to
banks, requiring them to enhance the level of credit to the neglected sectors of
the economy, he added.

He said that credit disbursement situation has further aggravated for SME and
agriculture sectors of Frontier, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan, where social and
economic infrastructure have been seriously damaged, thus, increasing manifold
risks of doing business in these areas.

"Taking cognisance of the situation, the State Bank has initiated many important
steps to improve the flow of credit to the agriculture and SME sectors and
provide boost to revitalisation efforts in the affected areas of the country,"
he informed the participants.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 14, 1995 Sunday

LENGTH: 482 words


Trade association sets conference The Central North American Trade Corridor
Association will hold its second annual conference in Minot on July 24-26. The
three-day event will focus on rural revitalization, agriculture, transportation,
communication, industrialization and other topics affecting the Midwest.
Meetings will be held at the Minot Best Western International Inn and the North
Dakota State Fair grounds. U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman is
scheduled to speak, along with Ralph Goodale, Minister of Agriculture in Canada.
A tent show is planned to give representatives from across the Midwest an
opportunity to display goods and services to the more than 25,000 people
expected to attend the State Fair July 26. Organizers are also planning a
banquet with entertainment, a chance to hear community success stories from
across the corridor, tours and performances by the Minot State University drama
team. For information, call 857-3832.

Video stresses personal leadership The Bismarck-Mandan Business Channel will
show, ""Bringing Out the Leader in You,'' a leadership video conference, at 7
a.m. Thursday in the Bismarck State College Student Union. The session will
offer leadership techniques for taking charge of a project, heading up a
production team or chairing a meeting. Participants will learn tips for getting
people involved and committed to a goal. Col. Dean Hildebrand, chief of staff
for the North Dakota Army National Guard, will lead a discussion after the video
presentation. He is a former teacher, principal and legislator. The breakfast
meeting is sponsored by the Bismarck-Mandan Area Chamber of Commerce and the BSC
Division of Community Services. Preregistration is required. To register, call
224-5433.

N.D. farm income lags North Dakota farm income ranks second to last among the
five states in the Minneapolis region of the Federal Reserve Bank. Depressed
grain prices have hurt farm finances in North Dakota, which led the district in
all income and spending categories early last fall, Fed spokeswoman Christine
Power said. On the whole, she said, North Dakota's volume of livestock and
machinery loans are down, while general operating loans are above normal. Land
price increases are modest -- 3 percent or less over a year earlier, Power said.
She based her comments on a February survey of 122 bankers who were asked about
agricultural credit conditions. The spate of refinancing and restructuring
touched off by the 1993 floods, as well as 1994's bumper crop, boosted farmers'
morale as well as cash flows, the survey indicated. Many bankers are making
fewer agricultural loans than they prefer, while a few report significant
problems with money availability. Many bankers report that loan-repayment rates
remain below normal. Farm interest rates have returned to 1992 levels but remain
well below the higher rates of the previous decade.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

As sediment flows downriver, resentment builds upriver

BYLINE: By Dennis Lien dlien@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News

LENGTH: 1119 words


Already hamstrung by tight budgets, communities across much of Minnesota are
bracing for what could be an $843 million bill - this one aimed at reducing the
amount of sediment reaching Lake Pepin on the Minnesota-Wisconsin border.

And many resent having to pay so much for what amounts to a relatively small
bump in water quality. Especially while agriculture, a much larger source of
sediment, is let off the hook.

"This kind of thing is just beyond the pale for what is acceptable and what we
feel is how we should be spending our taxpayers' money," said Klayton Eckles,
Woodbury's city engineer.

The developing urban-rural tiff will get new legs soon when the Minnesota
Pollution Control Agency releases a study explaining the sediment problem,
establishing goals and outlining ways to reduce the amount of silt getting into
Lake Pepin, the widening of the Mississippi River southeast of the Twin Cities.

A draft calls for cutting sediment reaching the lake, which has been filling in
for decades, by 25 percent. But the enforced diet, required by the federal Clean
Water Act, has some built-in inequities.

The act requires the MPCA to regulate communities with stormwater systems, but
gives it no such leverage over agriculture, leaving voluntary solutions as the
only way to lessen rural runoff.

As a result, 217 cities, townships and other operators of separate storm sewer
systems within the so-called South Metro Mississippi Watershed will be asked to
comply with tighter standards. More specific orders will come later.

Contributing almost 6 percent of Lake Pepin's sediment problem, the communities
across the central part of the state will be told to cut their sediment runoff
by one-fourth, or 1.4 percent of the total problem.

With a projected $33-a-pound price tag to reduce it, the total tab could reach
$843 million. Credit, however, would be given for work done since varying
baseline periods were established in the 1990s.

"That is a staggering amount of money to achieve a minuscule load reduction
relative to the total load reduction to the lake," said Randy Neprash, a civil
engineer and staff member for the Minnesota Cities Stormwater Coalition.

Farmers, meanwhile, chafe at the notion that they're not working to lessen the
problem, according to Warren Formo, executive director of the Minnesota
Agricultural Water Resource Center.

"This is such a complex issue, and some folks are trying to melt it down to be
too basic to capture what's happening in the watershed," Formo said.

Already, he said, many farmers have modified tilling practices, installed
terraces and planted buffer strips to control erosion and runoff into streams
and rivers.

Increasingly, researchers are identifying streambank erosion, caused by higher
water flows, with boosting sediment levels in rivers. They and other observers
hypothesize that those higher levels are caused at least in part by tilling of
agricultural land, draining more rainwater off the land more quickly.

But Formo said that's too simplistic.

"Not all drainage systems are the same," he said, pointing out that some move
water more quickly than others. "We need to figure out how to maintain drainage
without adverse effects."

That and other approaches require more research, an approach he contended has
yielded results and offers more promise.

The final report could be released next month, but the draft puts 90 percent of
the problem on nonpoint sources. Most of the blame goes to the Minnesota River
watershed, with two-thirds of the sediment coming from erosion of ravines,
gullies and stream banks and the rest from farm fields.

Formo questioned whether the data are precise enough.

But representatives of cities say any way things are sliced, they still will
probably pick up too much of the tab because they're the only ones the MPCA can
go after.

"We are the only control the state agencies have to show they are reducing the
pollution load even though it does not make any sense in terms of cost
efficiency," said Craig Johnson, intergovernmental relations director for the
League of Minnesota Cities.

Likely options include tightening runoff standards dealing with new developments
beyond standards already in place. That will be tougher for cities such as St.
Paul, which already are highly developed.

"I would like to think we have done a number of things in anticipation of these
regulations," said Anne Hunt, St. Paul's environmental policy director. "But
yes, there potentially are additional financial impacts. How much of that would
be to the city of St. Paul, I don't think we have that figure at this point."

"No one really knows how to do that calculation," Neprash said. "It's going to
vary from city to city.''

Trevor Russell, watershed program director for the advocacy group Friends of the
Mississippi River, agreed that developed cities will have to work harder.

"There is just not that much sediment in everyday urban runoff," he said. "It's
paved-over soil, soil under pavement. It isn't moving a lot."

Agriculture, especially in the Minnesota River watershed, should be held more
accountable, he said.

"Downstream communities are being asked to step up because upstream ag pollution
isn't being addressed efficiently," Russell said. "If you live in a downstream
city, not only is your water quality poor, but you have to pay more because
there isn't a requirement for reductions in upstream agriculture pollution."

Rebecca Flood, an assistant MPCA commissioner for water policy, said she
appreciates those urban concerns.

"I would say we're sensitive to their concerns about money and the cost of doing
some of these infrastructure improvements," Flood said. "We also understand that
the Clean Water Act does not treat all parties equally in terms of runoff. Farm
runoff is managed differently."

She said the agency would like agricultural interests to do even more to cut
sediment runoff and has been in talks with those representatives for months.

Neprash and others aren't blaming the MPCA.

"The state is obligated to chase the permitted ones," Neprash said. "They have
no choice."

But he and others wish a trading program or something like it were available to
move money around to achieve more. As an example, Eckles said, a community could
take $350,000 that would produce minimal gains in its urban area and could spend
it instead in an agricultural setting and get significantly better results.

"We actually have an enforceable federal permit that requires people in cities
to meet these very specific pollution requirements," Johnson said. "There is not
a similar mechanism for agriculture. We really need to come up with a much
better system for getting those results to happen on an ag setting."

Dennis Lien can be reached at 651-228-5588.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The silt-laden Minnesota River, lighter-looking as it runs from left to
right, joins the cleaner Mississippi River coming from the north, near Fort
Snelling. Federal rules require the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency to find
ways to reduce the amount of silt reaching Lake Pepin, farther down the
Mississippi River where it widens southeast of the Twin Cities. (Photo courtesy
of Area Commission)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             October 5, 1992 Monday

Hard times on the land

BYLINE: LARGELY UNSEEN BY AN APATHETIC NATION THAT DOESN'T CARE ABOUT WHAT HAP

LENGTH: 1621 words


COUNTRY Australia is dying a lingering death from the nation's failure to
recognise agriculture's enormous untapped wealth creating potential and its
crucial role in the prosperity of every Australian. The country has suffered an
unprecedented erosion of its capital base and financial reserves in the past
decade. The average farm made a loss in six of 14 years between 1977 and 1991.
Most farm businesses will remain unprofitable until either higher commodity
prices emerge or the high costs and inefficiencies in Australia are cut. The
future of the cities is slowly being unravelled by the woes of agriculture and
the pandering to city and vested interest groups which means rural Australia is
all but ignored at Budget time. Despite a record $16.75 billion of rural exports
this year, most farmers will lose money because farm costs also are at near
record levels. Simply, there are insufficient competitive pressures to cut many
Government-imposed charges - the No.1 enemy of Australian farmers. Costs were 35
per cent of the value of farm output in 1950. Today they are close to 100 per
cent. For many farmers little money is available for personal expenditure,
returns to farm management or investment back into the farm. Numerous farming
families throughout the State have become virtual prisoners on their land,
unable to sell and so impoverished they hardly have enough money to put food on
their tables. An increasing number are little more than tenants of the banks.
One of agriculture's main problems is that farmers borrowed more and more
through the 1980s, often blindly following the maxim of "get big or get out",
leaving many with unsustainable borrowings after the dismantling of the wool
Reserve Price Scheme last year. The total farm debt has reached more than $14
billion with three-quarters of the State's farmers having debts of $200,000.
Only 18 per cent of Australian farms made a profit last year and the average
farm business loss was $30,000. National farm debt has risen from 47 per cent of
the gross value of production a decade ago to 70 per cent. The only way some
survive is by exploiting physical and human resources. The industry that built
Australia, the key to recovery and our main wealth creator until relatively
recently, has slumped so dramatically that it will earn only 30 per cent of the
nation's export income this year, compared with 85 per cent in the 1950s. The
shocking result is that Australian agriculture is unviable and unsustainable.
South Australia is most affected with the lowest farm equity levels. The
solution lies in improving competitiveness. Micro economic reform in government
agencies, in labor markets, on the waterfront, in transport and in other service
industries are among the areas of biggest possible gain. Other areas urgently
needing reform include the high income tax regime, the injustice of indirect
taxes on the price-taking rural sector, inflated government charges and
illogical environmentally based decisions to win city votes. In short, many
government decisions, both State and Federal, have not been subjected to the
same market disciplines imposed on the vital export industries. If Australia is
to fulfill the potential of its natural resources and capture its share of
rapidly expanding Asian markets , it must learn quickly to nurture agriculture
before the industry loses further market share on world commodity markets. Those
who believe rural Australia is recovering following good rains or for any other
cause are fooling themselves. Improved marketing and higher commodity prices
will help but recovery will depend on rectifying the nation's underlying
problems. Foreign trade wars have become an all too convenient excuse for
politicians, rather than facing the domestic issues which should be tackled. An
inefficient industry will not survive in an internationalised market regardless
of the weather, foreign markets or any other excuses. Farmers have played their
part through substantial productivity rises but agriculture's international
competitiveness has been destroyed by large cost increases and inefficient
service industries. The SA Farmers Federation believes 6000 farm families have
left the land in this State in the past six years, leaving just 12,500
commercial farmers. THE federation believes this leaves about 30 per cent in
serious financial trouble. Probably 60 per cent are aged over 50 (many wanting
to get out) and the rest are financial but do not have the money to buy their
neighbors' farms. Thousands of SA farms are on offer but in cases where the
waters have been tested there often are no bids. Farmers virtually have become
caretakers on a number of properties. Magnify the problem throughout Australia:
to outback Longreach where the rural counsellor is dealing with 100 clients with
an average debt of $500,000 to $700,000 and equity of only 20 per cent; to the
western division of New South Wales where 30 per cent are under pressure to
leave; to the Victorian Mallee; to the fertile but badly recessed Darling Downs
in Queensland; and on across the nation, and there is a disaster of proportions
unimaginable five years ago. The shocking impact of the rural crash has been
manifested in many ways throughout the community from the rapidly rising tide of
bankruptcies in Adelaide to rapidly growing poverty as unemployment worsens.
Partly because of SA's heavy dependence on agriculture, the State is more
affected by the recession than any other with the latest retail statistics
showing a disturbing trend in declining sales of food and essential items. The
devastating flow-on effect of the rural sector's collapse is being felt with a
wave of insolvencies insidiously creeping through old Adelaide firms. SA has the
worst personal bankruptcy rate in Australia, rising 23 per cent to 2034 in
1991-92. Bardy McFarland, senior associate with Piper Alderman solicitors, says
Adelaide is starting to feel the flow-on and to understand what the country has
been going through for the past three years. "I think it's going to get
horrendous. I believe there will be a huge run of insolvencies with businesses
sold off or shut down. I don't think the average person understands the
significance of the State's debt," he says. Nothing is more illuminating than
the failure of the once-mighty Elders Pastoral Ltd and Dalgety Farmers Ltd,
companies which figured in Australia's top 20 businesses little more than a
decade ago. Other business failures are all too evident with a growing number of
forced property sales, increasing receiverships and numerous operations
struggling to survive. The industry's serious long-term problems include the
lack of education and good young men coming along. The antiquation of farm
assets and machinary also has serious implications for productivity. A number of
the good young men coming are gone, many from the Eyre Peninsula to the great
Roxby Downs mines of Western Mining, which, shrewdly, has recognised the
farmers' sons' ability and given them jobs and bigger pay packets than most have
ever known. They are the lucky ones. Australian agriculture is being sucked
along in a welfare vortex, rather than a proper consideration of the real
problems. A rapidly growing number of farmers rely on social security payments
for weekly expenses. If the welfare system stopped tomorrow, some suggest, this
period would be worse than the Great Depression. The predominantly wool- growing
district of Kangaroo Island has been hit as hard as any. Of the island's 4000
people, 1152 are on some form of Social Security benefit, a major form of farm
income. Six hundred islanders are on Jobstart or Newstart allowances. Some debts
are being secretly written off on Kangaroo Island, as they are in other parts of
the State. Unviable farmers refuse to leave the island; the banks can't throw
half the island's farmers off. A Housing Trust home in Adelaide and life on the
dole is a fate worse than death. NO WONDER men refuse to be thrown on to the
scrap heap. No wonder 50-year- old men are working themselves to an early grave
by shearing their own sheep. By comparison with the well-organised Kangaroo
Island farmers, the banks are believed to be screwing "old money" farmers in the
South-East. Grantley Dodd, chairman of the SA Rural Action Group, says part of
the problem is that all on the land believe they have little influence on the
factors affecting their lives, because of apathy and low self-esteem. Mr Dodd
says he also is concerned by an attitude among Australians towards those who get
into financial trouble. He faced his own serious financial difficulties because
of the wool collapse and a lost legume crop. The community learnt of his problem
because he came forward when the United Farmers & Stockowners needed some
publicity to pressure the State Government. "It was a surprise to some that I
still went to Agricultural Bureau and UFS meetings. Some were quite surprised
that I nominated for the Governing Council of UFS," Mr Dodd said. "The community
still has this perception that if you can't meet all your commitments you are a
lesser person. That's not right. I don't know if it's an Australianism but
people try to pin the tail on the donkey and lay blame on a person." Mr Dodd
says another serious problem is that a large percentage of entrepreneurial
farmers - better operators than other farmers in their district - are in
trouble. He believes they are the ones who should be saved. The remedial work of
rebuilding the country will not start until the problems are properly understood
by all. Only then will Australia stop bustering, chatting and drinking cups of
cappuccino, while the nation slowly burns.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: bruce cliff with farmer; dinkus: our broken country; Reverend
Bruce Cliff discussing the rural crisis with aSouth-East farmer.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             October 5, 1992 Monday

Hard times on the land

BYLINE: LARGELY UNSEEN BY AN APATHETIC NATION THAT DOESN'T CARE ABOUT WHAT HAP

LENGTH: 1620 words


COUNTRY Australia is dying a lingering death from the nation's failure to
recognise agriculture's enormous untapped wealth creating potential and its
crucial role in the prosperity of every Australian. The country has suffered an
unprecedented erosion of its capital base and financial reserves in the past
decade. The average farm made a loss in six of 14 years between 1977 and 1991.
Most farm businesses will remain unprofitable until either higher commodity
prices emerge or the high costs and inefficiencies in Australia are cut. The
future of the cities is slowly being unravelled by the woes of agriculture and
the pandering to city and vested interest groups which means rural Australia is
all but ignored at Budget time. Despite a record $16.75 billion of rural exports
this year, most farmers will lose money because farm costs also are at near
record levels. Simply, there are insufficient competitive pressures to cut many
Government-imposed charges - the No.1 enemy of Australian farmers. Costs were 35
per cent of the value of farm output in 1950. Today they are close to 100 per
cent. For many farmers little money is available for personal expenditure,
returns to farm management or investment back into the farm. Numerous farming
families throughout the State have become virtual prisoners on their land,
unable to sell and so impoverished they hardly have enough money to put food on
their tables. An increasing number are little more than tenants of the banks.
One of agriculture's main problems is that farmers borrowed more and more
through the 1980s, often blindly following the maxim of "get big or get out",
leaving many with unsustainable borrowings after the dismantling of the wool
Reserve Price Scheme last year. The total farm debt has reached more than $14
billion with three-quarters of the State's farmers having debts of $200,000.
Only 18 per cent of Australian farms made a profit last year and the average
farm business loss was $30,000. National farm debt has risen from 47 per cent of
the gross value of production a decade ago to 70 per cent. The only way some
survive is by exploiting physical and human resources. The industry that built
Australia, the key to recovery and our main wealth creator until relatively
recently, has slumped so dramatically that it will earn only 30 per cent of the
nation's export income this year, compared with 85 per cent in the 1950s. The
shocking result is that Australian agriculture is unviable and unsustainable.
South Australia is most affected with the lowest farm equity levels. The
solution lies in improving competitiveness. Micro economic reform in government
agencies, in labor markets, on the waterfront, in transport and in other service
industries are among the areas of biggest possible gain. Other areas urgently
needing reform include the high income tax regime, the injustice of indirect
taxes on the price-taking rural sector, inflated government charges and
illogical environmentally based decisions to win city votes. In short, many
government decisions, both State and Federal, have not been subjected to the
same market disciplines imposed on the vital export industries. If Australia is
to fulfill the potential of its natural resources and capture its share of
rapidly expanding Asian markets , it must learn quickly to nurture agriculture
before the industry loses further market share on world commodity markets. Those
who believe rural Australia is recovering following good rains or for any other
cause are fooling themselves. Improved marketing and higher commodity prices
will help but recovery will depend on rectifying the nation's underlying
problems. Foreign trade wars have become an all too convenient excuse for
politicians, rather than facing the domestic issues which should be tackled. An
inefficient industry will not survive in an internationalised market regardless
of the weather, foreign markets or any other excuses. Farmers have played their
part through substantial productivity rises but agriculture's international
competitiveness has been destroyed by large cost increases and inefficient
service industries. The SA Farmers Federation believes 6000 farm families have
left the land in this State in the past six years, leaving just 12,500
commercial farmers. THE federation believes this leaves about 30 per cent in
serious financial trouble. Probably 60 per cent are aged over 50 (many wanting
to get out) and the rest are financial but do not have the money to buy their
neighbors' farms. Thousands of SA farms are on offer but in cases where the
waters have been tested there often are no bids. Farmers virtually have become
caretakers on a number of properties. Magnify the problem throughout Australia:
to outback Longreach where the rural counsellor is dealing with 100 clients with
an average debt of $500,000 to $700,000 and equity of only 20 per cent; to the
western division of New South Wales where 30 per cent are under pressure to
leave; to the Victorian Mallee; to the fertile but badly recessed Darling Downs
in Queensland; and on across the nation, and there is a disaster of proportions
unimaginable five years ago. The shocking impact of the rural crash has been
manifested in many ways throughout the community from the rapidly rising tide of
bankruptcies in Adelaide to rapidly growing poverty as unemployment worsens.
Partly because of SA's heavy dependence on agriculture, the State is more
affected by the recession than any other with the latest retail statistics
showing a disturbing trend in declining sales of food and essential items. The
devastating flow-on effect of the rural sector's collapse is being felt with a
wave of insolvencies insidiously creeping through old Adelaide firms. SA has the
worst personal bankruptcy rate in Australia, rising 23 per cent to 2034 in
1991-92. Bardy McFarland, senior associate with Piper Alderman solicitors, says
Adelaide is starting to feel the flow-on and to understand what the country has
been going through for the past three years. "I think it's going to get
horrendous. I believe there will be a huge run of insolvencies with businesses
sold off or shut down. I don't think the average person understands the
significance of the State's debt," he says. Nothing is more illuminating than
the failure of the once-mighty Elders Pastoral Ltd and Dalgety Farmers Ltd,
companies which figured in Australia's top 20 businesses little more than a
decade ago. Other business failures are all too evident with a growing number of
forced property sales, increasing receiverships and numerous operations
struggling to survive. The industry's serious long-term problems include the
lack of education and good young men coming along. The antiquation of farm
assets and machinary also has serious implications for productivity. A number of
the good young men coming are gone, many from the Eyre Peninsula to the great
Roxby Downs mines of Western Mining, which, shrewdly, has recognised the
farmers' sons' ability and given them jobs and bigger pay packets than most have
ever known. They are the lucky ones. Australian agriculture is being sucked
along in a welfare vortex, rather than a proper consideration of the real
problems. A rapidly growing number of farmers rely on social security payments
for weekly expenses. If the welfare system stopped tomorrow, some suggest, this
period would be worse than the Great Depression. The predominantly wool- growing
district of Kangaroo Island has been hit as hard as any. Of the island's 4000
people, 1152 are on some form of Social Security benefit, a major form of farm
income. Six hundred islanders are on Jobstart or Newstart allowances. Some debts
are being secretly written off on Kangaroo Island, as they are in other parts of
the State. Unviable farmers refuse to leave the island; the banks can't throw
half the island's farmers off. A Housing Trust home in Adelaide and life on the
dole is a fate worse than death. NO WONDER men refuse to be thrown on to the
scrap heap. No wonder 50-year- old men are working themselves to an early grave
by shearing their own sheep. By comparison with the well-organised Kangaroo
Island farmers, the banks are believed to be screwing "old money" farmers in the
South-East. Grantley Dodd, chairman of the SA Rural Action Group, says part of
the problem is that all on the land believe they have little influence on the
factors affecting their lives, because of apathy and low self-esteem. Mr Dodd
says he also is concerned by an attitude among Australians towards those who get
into financial trouble. He faced his own serious financial difficulties because
of the wool collapse and a lost legume crop. The community learnt of his problem
because he came forward when the United Farmers & Stockowners needed some
publicity to pressure the State Government. "It was a surprise to some that I
still went to Agricultural Bureau and UFS meetings. Some were quite surprised
that I nominated for the Governing Council of UFS," Mr Dodd said. "The community
still has this perception that if you can't meet all your commitments you are a
lesser person. That's not right. I don't know if it's an Australianism but
people try to pin the tail on the donkey and lay blame on a person." Mr Dodd
says another serious problem is that a large percentage of entrepreneurial
farmers - better operators than other farmers in their district - are in
trouble. He believes they are the ones who should be saved. The remedial work of
rebuilding the country will not start until the problems are properly understood
by all. Only then will Australia stop bustering, chatting and drinking cups of
cappuccino, while the nation slowly burns.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: bruce cliff with farmer; dinkus: our broken country; Reverend
Bruce Cliff discussing the rural crisis with aSouth-East farmer.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

China tells banks to check for illegal activity in the forex market

LENGTH: 237  words


China's foreign exchange regulator has ordered major state banks to check for
possible illegal activity in the currency market, as it tries to clamp down on
speculative money flows.

A US dollar note (bottom) is pictured alongside other currencies including (L-R)
the Australian Dollar, Singapore Dollar, Korean Won and China's yuan in this
picture illustration taken in Washington, Oct 14, 2010. [Photo/agencies]

China's foreign exchange regulator has ordered major state banks to check for
possible illegal activity in the currency market, as it tries to clamp down on
speculative money flows in and out of the country.

Banks are being asked to examine cross-border deals involving derivatives and
other innovative currency products that may have violated its regulations, the
State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) said in a statement posted on
its website on Tuesday.

These checks will help banks "curb illegal foreign exchange operations and
criminal activities" and limit their risk exposure, SAFE said.

This audit will run from January to May, and banks involved include Industrial
and Commercial Bank of China, Bank of China, Agriculture Bank of China and China
Construction Bank, the regulator said.

China has been trying to curb speculative money flows that could pose a threat
to financial stability as the country gradually opens up its financial markets
and promotes the yuan's usage in trade and investment.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 3, 2008 Monday

Protected Land: Farmland will remain just that thanks to easement

BYLINE: Michael A. Sawyers, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 905 words


Mar. 3--FLINTSTONE -- The conservation easement entered into by David and Susan
Trail for their Glendale Farm in eastern Allegany County assures that every
morning that the sun peeks over Town Hill, even generations from now, it will
shine on agricultural land.

David Trail makes no bones about it. He loves farming and he loves the 128 acres
he has called home forever in the little valley of rolling hills tucked between
Town Hill to the east and Green Ridge to the west.

"I was born there," Trail said, pointing downhill at an ancient, but very much
intact white farm house built in 1902, as he gave a walking tour of the property
on a frigid February afternoon. "The house is built there," he said, "so if it
gets windy it'll blow right over top of it. You won't even feel the wind down in
that bottom."

Trail is retired from the National Park Service, spending the entirety of that
career with the C&O Canal National Historical Park where he finished as the
park's environmental compliance officer. Susan, too, works for the agency, and
is director of the Monocacy National Battlefield.

The conservation easement is permanent and is a result of negotiations among the
Trails, The Nature Conservancy and the Maryland Environmental Trust.

Donnelle Keech, who works for the conservancy out of Cumberland, said this
particular easement is unique in that it came about using private funds.

"We had money from donations and paid the Trails $321,700 for the easement,"
Keech said. "The money actually paid for only a portion of the easement. The
Trails donated the remainder of the land."

Keech calls such easements win-win operations. The landowners retain the rights
to create a family business or to build additional agricultural structures.

"We're going to build a waste management building and reuse the manure on the
farm. We'll put up a new hay barn beside it," Trail said.

On the other hand, the easement forbids the construction of commercial buildings
or use of the property for commercial endeavors other than farming. Although
clear-cutting is not permitted, forest land may be managed.

Bottom line, according to Keech, is that the easement helps to protect streams
such as Fifteen Mile Creek and Sideling Hill Creek, which the concervancy
describes as valuable ecosystems. The Trails' property has waterways that flow
to both streams.

"I got my first lesson in conservation when I was young and on the tractor and
plowed through a waterway and my father scolded me for it," Trail said,
referring to a drainage that allows rainwater to flow through the inclined
fields. "I learned from that."

Most conservation easements come about via public money. Keech is attempting to
establish a Rural Legacy Program, via the Department of Natural Resources, in
Allegany County, the only county in the state, she says, that is not in the
program. The county commissioners are being asked to support the effort.

Trail looks uphill, past the Black Angus -- he has about 80 of them during the
spring, summer and fall -- and to a cleared field. "I remember pulling out the
last stump in that field with my father when we were clearing it," he said.

"I'm the third generation to farm this land," Trail said, seemingly oblivious to
the gelid winter wind that turned the nearby thermometer into a liar. The Trail
family purchased the farm from Dennis Wigfield during the time of The Great
De-pression. The farm dates back to the mid-1850s. Currently, there are 70 acres
of hay and grass and 58 of forest.

Whether the land is sold or kept in the family, the conservation easement stays
with the property, meaning that things such as the riparian buffer on both sides
of the rivulet that heads toward Pennsylvania and eventually Sideling Hill Creek
will continue to have grass and trees on its banks. The existence of the grass
and the trees means Trail will be able to keep marveling at the sight of nesting
turkeys in the spring.

"I jumped a hen off a nest that had eggs in July and couldn't believe it," Trail
said, referring to the fact that most nesting takes place much earlier in the
year.

"These conservation easements are amazing tools," Keech said. "I've dealt with
landowners who were having difficulty with farms they inherited. They felt
guilty that they were letting their ancestors down. Easements have been able to
help with some of those situations."

Easements come in a variety of forms and require dealing with a number of
different agencies and organizations. Keech said she realizes breaking through
the information barrier can be difficult and stands ready to assist interested
landowners by pointing them in the proper direction. She may be contacted at
(301) 722-0313.

"David came looking for us," Keech said. "He wanted a conservation easement. The
Trails are leaders in the local conservation community."

"The easement is very important to me," Trail said. "I don't want anybody in the
future plowing through a waterway," he added, grinning. Lesson learned.

Contact Michael A. Sawyers at msawyers@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080303-UM-Protected-Land-0303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2008


                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                                 July 19, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

European Commission outlines new support package worth (EURO)500 million for
European farmers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 1154 words


THIS comprehensive support package is further evidence of the Commission's
continued commitment to the agricultural sector across the EU.

(Ireland gets (EURO)11,086,327 financial grant for milk and other sectors - see
details below) The European Commission has today presented a new package of
measures worth (EURO)500 million from EU funds to support farmers in the face of
ongoing market difficulties, particularly on the dairy market.

The measures were presented to the Council of EU Agriculture Ministers by
Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Phil Hogan: "Coming at a
time of significant budgetary pressures, this package provides a further robust
response, and means that the Commission has mobilised more than (EURO)1 billion
in new money to support hard-pressed farmers. Our ultimate goal is to see the
much needed recovery of prices paid to farmers, so that they may make a living
from their work and continue to provide safe, high quality food for citizens, as
well as their contribution to rural areas and rural jobs and the provision of
public goods."

Today's package contains three main elements: An EU-wide scheme to incentivise a
reduction in milk production ((EURO)150 million) Conditional adjustment aid to
be defined and implemented at Member State level out of a menu proposed by the
Commission ((EURO)350 million that Member States will be allowed to match with
national funds, thus potentially doubling the level of support being provided to
farmers) A range of technical measures to provide flexibility (e.g. on voluntary
coupled support), cash-flow relief (e.g. through an increase in the amount of
the advances for both direct and area-based rural development payments) and
reinforce the safety net instruments (by prolonging intervention and private
storage aid for Skimmed Milk Powder).

The precise details of all the different measures will be finalised in the
coming weeks, in consultation with Member State experts. The budget implications
of the proposed measures will be incorporated in an amending letter to the draft
budget 2017 in the autumn.

Incentives to reduce production ((EURO)150m): With the most recent meeting of
the Milk Market Observatory Economic Board concluding that a correction on the
support side of the dairy market is still necessary, the Commission will put
forward an EU-wide measure aimed at incentivising a voluntary reduction in
production.

Conditional adjustment aid ((EURO)350m, plus possible national co-funding up to
an equal amount. Such top-ups are not considered a state aid): With the
prolonged crisis showing that some farmers maintain or even increase production
in order to maintain cash flow, the Commission intends to provide new funds
which can be linked to specific commitments while contributing to secure market
stability.

The financial grant available to each Member State (see Annex - (EURO) 11 086
327 for Ireland for conditional aid for milk and other livestock sectors) takes
into account the main features of its sector including production, market prices
and the weight of small farmers. Member States will have flexibility to define
the measure or mix of measures they will make available to farmers - such as
extensive production methods, support for small farms, cooperation projects,
further production reduction support measures, etc. There will also be scope to
cover other livestock sectors.

Other technical adjustments: With many Member States providing voluntary coupled
support to the dairy sector (often per cow), they will be granted the
possibility to derogate from the obligation to maintain the size of the herd in
2017. Moreover, in a repetition of last year's move, Member States will again be
allowed to advance up to 70% of Direct Payments from October 16 and 85% of
area-based Rural Development payments without the necessity of completing the
on-the-spot checks.

On the other hand, the Commission intends to extend the period for public
intervention and for private storage for Skimmed Milk Powder beyond the end of
September. The Commission will also update the support for withdrawals for fruit
& vegetables made by producer organisations.

Today's announcement comes in addition to a separate package for 500 million
that was presented by the Commission last September and the range of other
measures, such as the activation of a clause (Article 222) permitting voluntary
agreements among milk producers on planning milk production, which was announced
in March.

In terms of additional financial resources, the Commission has, in less than a
year, now mobilised in excess of (EURO)1 billion in new money to support
hard-pressed farmers. At a time of significant budgetary pressures, particularly
on the migration front, this is a very robust response on the part of the
Commission and is a very strong statement of support for European farmers.

Annex July 2016: 7-point Solidarity Package for agriculture 1. Milk production
reduction scheme EUR 150 million to support a voluntary reduction of EU milk
deliveries. This scheme will operate at EU level so that farmers across the
Union have access to it under the same conditions.

2. Conditional adjustment ai EUR 350 million to be implemented by measures at
Member State level (see below for amounts per Member State). MS may top -up the
aid by 100%.

3. Voluntary Coupled Support Member States are given the possibility to review
their Voluntary Coupled Support (VCS) arrangements for the dairy sector to
provide that the payment is decoupled in 2017.

4. Extension of public intervention for skimmed milk powder (SMP) beyond 30
September Public intervention for SMP to be extended until end of February 2017,
when the standard period resumes. The ceiling up to which SMP is bought-in at
fixed price stays at 350 000 t until the end of December 2016.

5. Extension of the private storage aid schemes for SMP Both the standard
(between 90 and 210 days storage) and the enhanced (365 day storage) SMP schemes
to be extended until the end of February 2017.

6. Advance payments Advances to 70% for direct payments from 16 October 2016 and
85% for area-based rural development payments, after finalisation of the
administrative checks.

7. Fruits and vegetables Support updated for withdrawals made by producer
organisations in the fruit and vegetables sector.

Conditional adjustment aid for milk and other livestock sectors - breakdown per
MS Member State EUR Belgium 10 979 636 Bulgaria 5 809 941 Czech Republic 10 346
106 Denmark 9 294 305 Germany 57 955 101 Estonia 8 081 123 Ireland 11 086 327
Greece 1 683 910 Spain 14 665 678 France 49 900 853 Croatia 1 517 133 Italy 20
942 300 Cyprus 297 165 Latvia 9 760 362 Lithuania 13 298 661 Luxembourg 560 115
Hungary 9 543 566 Malta 100 092 Netherlands 22 952 419 Austria 5 863 491 Poland
22 670 129 Portugal 3 988 059 Romania 10 896 083 Slovenia 1 145 506 Slovakia 2
062 803 Finland 7 521 715 Sweden 6 881 425 United Kingdom 30 195 996.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday

Ferriday mayor to meet with Gov. Jindal

BYLINE: Vershal Hogan, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


May 28--FERRIDAY -- Ferriday Mayor Glen McGlothin will meet with Gov. Bobby
Jindal today to discuss Ferriday's ongoing water problems.

The mayor will also meet with Doyle Robinson, who McGlothin described as
Jindal's right-hand man for grants.

During the meeting, which will take place in Monroe, McGlothin said he will ask
the governor for emergency funds to essentially rebuild the town's water plant
one part at a time.

The town is already getting $474,000 in Louisiana recovery money, and McGlothin
said $100,000 of the money the town received from Walmart earlier this year
could be paired with those funds to serve as matching funds for any grants the
town receives to fix the ailing plant.

The grants the town are seeking are through the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
and the area's state legislatures are actively lobbying for funds when the
legislature is in session, McGlothin said.

The town will need another $600,000 to get the water plant back online and the
boil-water notice the town has been under since May 11 lifted, McGlothin said.

Even then, however, the town will still have to borrow more than $1 million for
expenses that include buying new, accurate water meters and a new billing
system.

"The Department of Health and Hospitals is not worried about the meters, but I
have got to worry about the meters because it takes the meters to generate the
funds to pay (the plant repairs) back," McGlothin said.

"We are trying to figure out a way to make this plant pay for itself."

The town has reportedly lost $300,000 a year because of broken or inaccurate
water meters.

If the new meters generated accurate readings that brought the missing $300,000,
the plant would effectively pay for itself in approximately eight years.

The total estimated cost for the system repairs, including the new meters, is
$2.3 million.

The Louisiana Bond Commission has already approved for the town to enter into
$1.3 million worth of debt service, but that was for the contract with Triton
Company that the board of aldermen voted to terminate Tuesday.

Engineer Bryant Hammett met with the town's bond attorneys Wednesday to review
changes in plans for the plant since the termination of the contract, McGlothin
said.

The new plans are to buy the different parts separately instead of packaged by
Triton, McGlothin said.

"We will get the different parts from different companies," he said. "We will
get the prices ourselves."

A meeting to discuss the changes to the plans is scheduled with the bond
commission for next week.

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090528-YY-Ferriday-mayor-to-meet-with-Gov-Jindal-0528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

               January 6, 1993, Wednesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

NEW FORD

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 562 words


Ford's newest car, Mondeo, went into production Tuesday in Genk, Belgium. The
compact replaces the Sierra in Europe. It will go on sale in the USA next year
as a replacement for Ford Tempo and Mercury Topaz. Mondeo is a variation on the
word for ''world'' in several languages. It is Ford's first car designed outside
the USA that will be sold in its major markets. Ford plans to build 2,000
Mondeos a day on three shifts of workers at Genk; by summer, 14,000 workers will
be employed building Mondeos.

 RUSSIAN FARMERS: A shortage of cash and soaring prices is causing problems for
Russia's new private farmers, Itar-Tass news agency said Tuesday. Tass quoted
Vladimir Bashmachnikov, president of the Association of Russian Farmers, as
saying the government's failure to finalize laws on land ownership and mortgage
payments also was slowing the development of new farms. ''The resources already
allocated by the state to support individual farmers are clearly insufficient,''
Tass said.  The agency said there were currently 173,000 private farmers in
Russia, cultivating 18 million acres of land.

 BAD LOANS: The U.S. Department of Agriculture has guaranteed billions of
dollars in loans to countries that may never repay the money, and taxpayers
could get the bill, congressional investigators say. The General Accounting
Office, which reviewed USDA's export credit guarantee programs, also found no
evidence that the credits have increased total U.S. farm exports and said they
may have merely rerouted trade flows. In a report obtained by The Associated
Press, the congressional auditing agency said large loans have been made to
high-risk countries, including Iraq and the former Soviet Union.

 JAPAN AUTO SALES: Hit by sluggish domestic demand, Japanese vehicle sales fell
7.2% in 1992 from a year earlier, the second consecutive year-on-year decline,
the Japan Automobile Dealers Association said. In total, 5,333,785 motor
vehicles were sold in Japan in 1992, excluding minivehicles. Toyota Motor Corp.,
Japan's top carmaker, saw sales fall 5.4% to 2.23 million cars. Sales at Nissan
Motor Co. Ltd., Japan's second biggest carmaker, fell 10.8% to 1.20 million.
Mazda sales fell 12.9% to 412,748, while Honda Motor Co. Ltd. sales fell 7.3% to
404,451.

 BISCUIT DEAL: Britain's United Biscuits Holdings said it was moving into the
U.S. private label cookie market with the acquisition of Bake-Line for $ 70
million.

 BMW SALES: BMW of North America Inc. said Tuesday that it sold 65,600 units in
the USA in 1992, an increase of 23% over 1991's total of 53,343. BMW also is
introducing three V-8 powered 1994 models: the 530i sedan, 530i Touring and 540i
sedan. These models, priced at $ 41,000, $ 43,000 and $ 47,000, respectively,
will be available in the U.S. this spring. Also, the formation of BMW Financial
Services Corp. The company will provide financing and leasing for BMW's 365 U.S.
dealers.

 SPIEGEL SALES: Catalog retailer Spiegel Inc. said its sales jumped 24% in the
fourth quarter, reaching $ 812.3 million.

 BUSINESS HOLIDAYS: Banking and government offices will be affected by holidays
Wednesday in Andorra, Armenia, Austria, Cyprus, Dominican Republic, Finland,
Germany, Greece, Iraq, Italy, Liechtenstein, Puerto Rico, San Marino, Spain,
Sweden, Switzerland, Uruguay, Vatican City, Virgin Islands.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Moneyline

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 15, 1987

Financial Notebook: Dollar troubles

BYLINE: By HAMISH MCRAE

LENGTH: 822 words


The fall of the dollar is starting to gather a new urgency, and as it does so
the chances of it having a soft landing diminish by the day.

What does this mean? Let's look at the position of the major players, taking
that of Japan first.


Already the Baker/Miyasawa pact, designed to hold the currency at about Y160, is
dead. There is every prospect now of the dollar falling to Y140, a level with
which even the Japanese will find desperately difficult to cope. They can in the
short-term provide a further boost to domestic demand by cutting Japanese
interest rates still further. Certainly the quite well-founded expectation of
that was fuelling the rise in Japanese share prices yesterday.

But this leaves open the more general question of what the Japanese will do with
their trade surplus. That the surplus will diminish over the next few years
should not be in doubt. But meanwhile there is an enormous problem. It is not
practically possible for the Japanese to find sufficient non-dollar financial
assets to mop up their funds.

Besides, their portfolio managers can take a long view on the dollar and
meanwhile point both to the high levels on Wall Street (for equities) and the
good running yields on bonds (for fixed-interest investments) as justification
for their action.

So for the moment the Japanese will continue to deploy much of their investments
in the States, but shading down the flow where possible and sticking to other
markets, mainly Continental ones, and probably buying physical assets like
property as well as financial ones.

But suppose Wall Street turns down; suppose US interest rates at some stage turn
up and bond prices fall sharply? Even the Japanese are not immune from panic,
and one could see a set of circumstances where they did at least stop pushing
more money into the US, if not actively withdrawing it.

Certainly showing money to try to keep the yen competitive has not worked. Or
rather it did work for two or three years, but it self-evidently no longer works
now. A pause in the inward flow of funds is quite possible, which would of
course have a very dramatic impact on the exchanges.

Now take the position of Germany. For the moment nothing is going to happen. But
after the elections there will have to be a policy initiative on the German
economy and the EMS. It seems already pretty clear that the only way the present
EMS exchange rates are going to hold is if the Germans both cut their interest
rates, and take fiscal measures to boost internal growth. They may. But equally
they may instead prefer to accept another modest revaluation, another bite at
that particular cherry.

It matters for things like the common agricultural policy, but for the exchanges
the question will be whether the outcome produces a credible DM/dollar exchange
rate. What is credible? The way we are going we are talking about the DM 1.70
rate, something which would have been almost unthinkable even six months ago.

Indeed, we are starting to move into that familiar one way street into which the
exchanges periodically push themselves where each movement of itself seems to
provoke a further one. It is as though they are inherently unstable, like the
new European fighter aircraft which needs computers to keep on correcting its
flight path and stop it from crashing. On the exchanges, of course, the
computers, far from having this benign function, foul things up still further
with their program trading.

Obviously at some stage the German authorities might have to seek to halt the
rise of the currency. But the Bundesbank is canny enough to know that policies
like intervention only work when the market itself is seeking a turning point.

And the US? If you look back on the twists and turns of US policy towards the
dollar, the only consistent policy is the lack of consistency. There was the
'hands off' phase, when the level of the dollar was nothing to do with the
Administration. Then there was the 'America is strong' period, when the soaring
dollar was a signal that the world saw the US economy as the strongest and
safest haven for its funds.

Then there was the 180 degree turn, when the US wanted the dollar lower and used
the threat of protectionism to encourage the rest of the world to join it in
talking the currency down. And finally, since last autumn, there has been the
unilateral talking down at a time when the other finance ministers in general
thought it had probably gone far enough for the time being.

It is not a policy. It is a mess. But it is a mess with which the markets have
to live.

Given this, the only sensible assumption is to assume that the old momentum
argument will rule. The fact that the markets are moving in one direction means
that they will go on moving in that direction. At some stage the authorities,
presumably acting as the Group of Five, will have to give guidance on when to
stop.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Drainage: A shared responsibility

BYLINE: George Myers, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2291 words


March 15--From the time agriculture became a favored industry in the mid-19th
century, Howard County residents have often asked the community's leaders one
question: Where will the water go?

And while the answer has varied slightly over the years, the basic tenets of
water mitigation have stayed the same. The practices may have become slightly
more complex, and over time, more efficient, but the process of constructing a
proper drainage system has forever been an imperative function of Howard
County's water protection.

Drains, and their strenuous, required maintenance, have long been the county's
best answer to rising waterways, heavy rains, low-lying farmland and everything
in between. In fact, shortly after Howard County's official organization in
1844, the practice of tile drainage gained popularity throughout the region,
allowing farmers to keep their fields from oversaturation.

Since those early years, the county's drainage systems have become not only more
intricate, but also better prepared to handle the hard work that the former
swamp creates on an annual basis.

"In Howard County, we have 169 regulated drains," said Howard County Stormwater
District Administrator Greg Lake. "That accounts for almost 500 miles of
drainage networks, or drainage conveyances."

To put that figure in perspective, the distance between Kokomo and Kansas City
is roughly 530 miles, just longer than the regulated drainage throughout Howard
County.

Included in that amount is a detailed network of buried drainage tile, open
drainage ditches and tile outlets, all of which provide a level of safety and
security needed for the land's habitation.

"The regulated drainage system in Howard County is truly an infrastructure,"
Lake said. "Without it, we couldn't live here because everything would flood and
it would go back to being a swamp. The whole system is just about as important
as roads."

Cassie Hauswald, Nature Conservancy Blue River Conservation coordinator, echoed
Lake's statements, speaking about the understated significance of a proper
drainage system.

"It's kind of taken for granted until something doesn't work, and then it
becomes a hot topic," Hauswald said. "Most people don't think about it, and
drains are very important for agricultural purposes. That is obviously huge for
Indiana."

However, modern drainage systems have received their fair share of criticism.
And while critics understand the necessity of a strong drainage infrastructure,
some of the problematic ecological effects of ditches and tile drainage have
raised concern.

"When I hear the word 'drain' I think of something unnatural in that the word
conveys to me something that benefits humans, but may be acting in an engineered
versus natural way," said Hauswald. "Drain implies that the function is to
remove water while stream implies that the function is a natural system."

Drainage ditch Howard County drainage ditch work along Indiana 931 at 500 South
on Thursday, March 5, 2015. Tim Bath -- Kokomo Tribune Tim Bath

Howard County drainage ditch work along Indiana 931 at 500 South on Thursday,
March 5, 2015.

Maintaining the land

In 1964, Howard County officials decided to create the county's first Drainage
Board, which converted what were then court-controlled drains into the modern
version of regulated drains.

Prior to the board's origination, all regulated drains were overseen by the
circuit court, which necessitated a landowner petition before a drain could
become a part of the county's regulated system.

"After the board's creation, a watershed would be created and everyone on the
property would pay into a maintenance fund," Lake said. "But back in the 1800s,
the payment of an assessment was done quite a bit differently.

"You would receive a letter in the mail that said you had to clean a certain
amount of feet of a drain. Then people would go out and shovel and clean the
drain. That is how they maintained the drain; each property owner had to go out
and physically clean it. Following the drainage board construction, they started
collecting money and having other people oversee that process."

Following the change, landowners were given the opportunity to contribute to a
collective fund that would allow the county to maintain and repair the area's
drains.

"Each drain has its defined watershed, and the landowners inside that watershed
pay an assessment," Lake said. "That is what the drainage maintenance fund is.
Each landowner pays the assessment and that money is stored in an account at the
surveyor's office. That money is only used in that watershed to maintain the
flow of that drain."

The watershed, which is a vital piece of the drainage system, is the "area of
land where all of the water that is under it or drains off of it goes into the
same place," according to the website of the Environmental Protection Agency.
For instance, the Wildcat Creek is within the Wabash River watershed.

"We focus on areas of high biodiversity with lots of plants and animals, so the
Wabash River watershed fits that bill," said Hauswald. "The Wildcat Creek has
lots of different fish and freshwater mussel species."

Fixing the problem

Often, Lake and Howard County Surveyor Dave Duncan learn of a drain issue
through a complaint from a person living in a watershed. Then, the process of
determining who shoulders the responsibility truly begins.

"First, we need to make sure we have a regulated drain on the property," Lake
said. "If we do, we will go out and see what is causing the problem. It is
important to realize that there are many more miles of unregulated drain in the
county, and those are called private and mutual drains."

Sen. Buck's subdivision drainage legislation

For the most part, drainage in Howard County has been a consistently
uncontroversial issue, but legislation introduced this session by State Sen. Jim
Buck, R-Kokomo, has brought about a conten...

If it is determined the drain is not part of the county's regulated drainage
system, Lake and Duncan exit the property after a simple assessment, unable to
assist in servicing a drain that does not fall under their jurisdiction.

In fact, a portion of drainage-related calls to the surveyor's office pertain
simply to drains that extend from the landowner's home into the county's system.

"From a property owner's house, they would have a private drain that runs from
the house's area out to the regulated drain, where it connects," Lake said.
"That segment of private or mutual drain, we don't control and we don't
maintain. If there's a problem, we can explain to the landowner how to fix it,
but we will only fix it ourselves if it is the county's drain."

Without a properly working outlet, Lake said, the drainage on any property
owner's land would plainly not work.

"The whole goal of the regulated drainage system is to provide an outlet for the
landowners. That's why it is so important that we keep those drains flowing."

However, if the property's drain is regulated, Lake, Duncan and any necessary
contractors will go onto the property, using a variety of techniques to both
assess the problem and make the necessary alterations or drainage replacements.

"If a tile breaks down, we utilize that money to send a contractor out to dig it
up and fix it," Lake said. "If it is an open drain or an open ditch, we utilize
the maintenance money to brush the trees off and dip the sediment out so we
maintain an open flow of water through that system.

"The whole goal of the regulated drainage system is to provide an outlet for the
landowners. That's why it is so important that we keep those drains flowing."

Involved in the decision-making process is the perceived severity of the
problem, which can have a large effect on not only the drain's construction but
also the pocketbooks of property owners.

"We do an investigation to determine the problem, and if it's an easy fix, we
can go out and fix just that point of the problem," Lake said. "If it's
something where the drain is collapsing throughout its entirety, we have to
decide whether we can fix that drain under maintenance or if that drain requires
a complete reconstruction.

"The definition of maintenance is keeping the same pipe size or dipping the
sediment out of a ditch and putting the ditch profile back where it originally
was. Reconstruction is any time you change the size of a pipe or change an open
ditch to closed, or a closed to open. Anytime you change the profile, then it
goes through a reconstruction."

A reconstruction, which can be a long, expensive process, requires a public
hearing for everyone in the watershed due to the fact that it is paid separately
from annual maintenance. Currently, landowners are given a five-year period to
pay off a reconstruction, while continuing to pay their annual maintenance
assessment fees.

"Once we decide how the drain needs fixed, if we can do it under maintenance
then we do," Lake said. "If not, we have to raise the funds."

Lake also noted that because the county is collecting annual maintenance
assessment fees at a rate set decades ago, officials have begun the process of
raising the rate of numerous fees.

"We are trying to utilize the money from the 1970s wage scale, and it's not even
close," Lake said. "We are now attempting to catch up with what we haven't done
over time. We may have a watershed that collects only $1,000, even though the
price to do that work has gone up significantly."

In an effort to make that jump, the county has started raising minimum annual
maintenance assessment fees from the previous amount of $5 to $20. However, each
fee situation can vary drastically, Lake said.

The possibility of not having proper funding for the county's drainage system is
a dangerous proposition, mostly because it could lead to a significant amount of
unmaintained and neglected drains.

"When regulated drains are neglected, they seek the path of least resistance,"
said Hauswald. "That path often leads to scoured banks, soil erosion and trees
and shrubs overtaking the banks -- a more natural state.  The natural state,
however, doesn't afford the fastest drainage, which is necessary for agriculture
and development.

"While I love natural streams, they don't do the best job of drainage so there
has to be a balance, which the two-stage ditch fills quite well."

Growing efficiency

Over time, drainage has become an increasingly exact science, and that evolution
has allowed Howard County to embrace a more ecologically friendly subsurface
drainage system: the two-stage ditch.

"When regulated drains are neglected, they seek the path of least resistance."

The two-stage ditch, of which there are seven half-mile stretches in Howard
County, is basically a conventional, man-made agriculture drainage ditch that
has been designed to require little to no maintenance and provide a more natural
form of drainage.

"This innovative design mimics a more natural stream channel when compared to
the conventional channels found in most managed ditches," said Hauswald. "What
makes this ditch unique is the low flow channel and corresponding bench that
allows for bank overflows to occur within the confines of the ditch.

"We can keep the nutrients and sediments in the ditch where they belong instead
of sending them downstream. It is more like a natural system."

Two-stage ditch vs. conventional ditch Jennifer Tank -- University of Notre Dame

Jennifer Tank -- University of Notre Dame

For Hauswald, one of the main concerns of traditional ditches is the way in
which exposed soil is often cut away from the ditch's banks, leading to the
dumping of sediment in streams and rivers. This dumping, Hauswald said, can lead
to a variety of problems, including the smothering of both plants and animals in
the waterway.

"A traditional ditch is trapezoidal in shape, while a two-stage ditch mimics a
more naturalized channel with a floodplain, sloped banks and vegetation within
the ditch," said Hauswald. "The low-flow channel, which moves water and loose
sediment during low-flow conditions and small rainfall events, allows for enough
flow velocity to minimize deposition of soils and loss of channel area or
transport capacity."

For the most part, Lake agreed with Hauswald's assessment, but there is one
issue that needs to be addressed when considering the placement of a two-stage
ditch, he said.

"There are many pros to the two-stage ditches, and there is really only one
negative," said Lake. "The one drawback is it takes acreage out of production.
The ditch becomes wider, so it takes away some acreage. However, stream
stability is improved and all indications point toward the biological health
being improved.

"Also, maintenance has been reduced. Everything points to a win except for the
one detail."

In Hauswald's opinion, however, even that one negative detail can be viewed from
a positive angle.

"From a farmer's perspective, he can get into his field earlier in the spring,
and he isn't losing all of his soil to the Mississippi River," said Hauswald.
"And when you get a large rain event, it gives the water more places to go.
Taking more land out of production isn't a good thing, but even that varies from
case to case."

Regardless of the agricultural drawbacks, Howard County has made consistent
strides to improve the ecological components of its drainage system, which
hasn't gone unnoticed.

"Howard County has been one of the top counties in the state to adopt this,
which is why the Nature Conservancy is very interested in the county," Hauswald
said. "We really hope this becomes the norm."

George Myers can be reached at 765-993-4724, by email at
george.myers@kokomotribune.com or on Twitter @gpmyerskt.

___ (c)2015 the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150315-KO-Drainage-A-shared-responsibility-0315-20150315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2015 Kokomo Tribune


                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 29, 2010 Friday

Million defends Flaming Gorge water proposal: Environment, water pricing for
agriculture are among calculations.

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 747 words


Jan. 29--DENVER -- Entrepreneur Aaron Million is committed to keeping a place
for agriculture and the environment in his plan to bring water from Flaming
Gorge Reservoir to Colorado's Front Range.

"Ag water brought into the ag sector will be priced at what they can afford, and
it may be one-tenth or one-twentieth of what the municipalities pay," Million
said Thursday. "I personally know the price structure of agricultural water from
running cattle on a 6,000-acre ranch. There are a myriad of ways to help
agriculture with this project."

Million is proposing a $3 billion, 560-mile pipeline to supply up to 240,000
acre-feet of water to the Front Range. Under the environmental review process by
the Army Corps of Engineers, Million last week submitted a list of end users for
the project.

Many on the list of 15 users seeking up to 300,000 acre-feet were irrigation
districts, prompting comments by some who read stories in The Pueblo Chieftain
to question how they could afford $15,000 an acre-foot for water.

Environmental groups doubted claims that the project would help the environment.
"Front Range communities should first consider simpler, less costly measures to
meet our region's water needs, such as conservation, aquifer recharge and
leasing. What's needed most is comprehensive regional water planning, not
pie-in-the-sky schemes," Drew Peternell of Trout Unlimited wrote in a published
letter to The Chieftain.

Others questioned the amount of water in some of the requests.

"What's Robert Norris going to do with 20,000 acre-feet of water?" one reader
wrote.

"Just say we'll run more mother cows and it will help cool us off in the
branding pen," joked Million, who is close friends with the Norris family and
would like to build a reservoir on their El Paso County ranch as part of the
project.

On a more serious note, Million said he realizes there is a need for water in El
Paso County -- one of the listed end users was Woodmoor Water and Sanitation
District. However, the El Paso County Water Authority wants more time to study
how Million's project would integrate with other plans.

"Frankly, I'm hoping to get more water over the hump into the Arkansas basin,"
Million said.

There is some interest in large municipal requests, notably Douglas County's
letter indicating the need for 40,000 acre-feet. The majority of larger
requests, however, were from water districts in the South Platte River basin.

Million said the sale of return flows -- water brought in from another basin is
reusable to extinction.

He called fears expressed by some that water sold to farms would only open more
markets in the basin to cities ungrounded.

Million has always promoted the project as having explicit environmental and
agricultural benefits, which he said would be ensured by legal mechanisms like
conservation easements.

"We can write the contracts so we have command and control," Million said. "If
there's entities out there whining that we have a benevolent streak, they need
to back off. The water would stay in agriculture in perpetuity."

Million said the same sort of mindset is at work when citizens donate in-stream
flows to the state of Colorado and insisted he is not solely in the project to
make money.

No pricing structure has been finalized, but Million has agreed to a cost-plus
arrangement some municipalities asked for.

Million has applied for appropriation of the water in Wyoming, but could also
take water through a contract with the Bureau of Reclamation if the project is
approved.

The contract would have an added benefit of $27 million to the Upper Colorado
River fish recovery program. A model of Green River operations by the Bureau of
Reclamation showed that at least 165,000 acre-feet could be taken out at Flaming
Gorge without harming habitat downstream, Million said.

"There is existing infrastructure through a huge artificial reservoir that has
collapsed the environmental issues," Million said. "I think if you can utilize
that structure to benefit water users in both Wyoming and Colorado, then you
should."

cwoodka@chieftain.com

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100129-PB-Million-defends-Flaming-Gorge-water-proposal-0129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2010 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 2008 University of California, Hastings
                               College of the Law
              West-Northwest Journal of Environmental Law & Policy

                                  Winter, 2008

                   14 Hastings W.-N.W. J. Env. L. & Pol'y 179

LENGTH: 10542 words

ARTICLE: Summary and Analysis: Principles for Agreement on Bay/Delta Standards
Between the State of California and the Federal Government, as Signed on
December 15, 1994

NAME: David Fullerton*

BIO: *David Fullerton is a Senior Staff Scientist with the Natural Heritage
Institute in San Francisco. He has been active in Bay/Delta protection efforts
for many years and participated in the negotiations which culminated in the
Principles of Agreement.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  On December 15, 1994, the state and federal governments, major water
users, and environmental groups announced an agreement (hereinafter "Bay/Delta
Agreement" or "Agreement") on the Bay/Delta environmental standards (hereinafter
"Standards") that will govern the Bay/Delta Estuary (hereinafter "Estuary") over
the next three years. ...  The Standards are designed to satisfy all flow and
diversion standards required by the federal government under the Clean Water Act
(hereinafter "CWA") and the ESA. ... The environmental community was so
successful in its advocacy that in 1988 the SWRCB published a draft set of water
quality standards requiring major increases in spring Delta outflow and major
reductions in export pumping. ... Urban interests, calculating that the state
administration would not support state standards equivalent to the federal
standards without approval from export agriculture, abandoned their bilateral
discussions with the environmental community and opened a dialogue with the
agricultural community on the possibility of comprehensive Bay/Delta standards.
...  Other measures that can be taken to bolster spring run salmon protection
include convincing USFWS that full closure of the Cross Channel would not put
Delta smelt at risk, spending Category 3 money on improving habitat conditions
upstream, using the flexibility in the Standards to reduce pumping when spring
run salmon are likely to be present, and seeking a listing of spring run salmon
as an endangered species. ...

TEXT:
 [*179]

   I. INTRODUCTION

 On December 15, 1994, the state and federal governments, major water users, and
environmental groups announced an agreement (hereinafter "Bay/Delta Agreement"
or "Agreement") on the Bay/Delta environmental standards (hereinafter
"Standards") that will govern the Bay/Delta Estuary (hereinafter "Estuary") over
the next three years. The Agreement is a major milestone in the history of
California water management, representing the first time that the major
interests involved in California water management - the state and federal
governments, the water users, and the environmental community - have agreed to
implement a specific list of protective measures for the Estuary.

   Much work remains. The Bay/Delta Agreement solves neither the environmental
problems in the Estuary, nor the very real water supply problems now experienced
by many urban and agricultural agencies. Those problems will only be solved by
much more fundamental changes in California's plumbing and water management
practices. But the Agreement is a good start. Not only does the Agreement
provide significant environmental protections for the Estuary; equally
important, it demonstrates clearly that when all sides work together in good
faith, they can break through the gridlock and create workable solutions to
California's water and environmental problems.

   This Comment attempts to answer key questions about the December 15
Agreement:

   . What is in the Agreement? Is it biologically protective? What are its
strengths and weaknesses?

   . What is the context of the Agreement? Why did it take place when it did,
the way it did?

   . What happens now?

[*180]

   II. SNAPSHOT OF THE STANDARDS

 The Standards generally build upon the D1485 standards set by the State Water
Resources Control Board (hereinafter "SWRCB") in 1978. Key elements are as
follows:

   . The Standards will be implemented immediately by the federal government
through the Endangered Species Act (hereinafter "ESA")

   . The SWRCB will adopt the Standards in March 1995 and will then begin a
water rights process the determine responsibility for meeting the standards.

   . Until the SWRCB finalizes responsibility for the Standards, the state and
federal projects will have sole responsibility for the Standards.

   . The Standards are designed to satisfy all flow and diversion standards
required by the federal government under the Clean Water Act (hereinafter "CWA")
and the ESA. However, take limits will remain for listed species (winter run
salmon and Delta smelt).

   . Water supply impacts are expected to average 400 kaf/year on average, with
impacts rising to 1.1 maf/year in critical years.

   . The protections include:

   . Salinity standards for protection of estuarine habitat similar to those
promulgated by EPA.

   . Significant reductions in Delta exports during the critical spring period
(February-June).

   . Increases in San Joaquin flows and reductions in export pumping to protect
Fall-Run San Joaquin salmon.

   . Frequent closures of the Delta Cross Channel gate to keep down-migrating
salmon from being swept into the Central Delta.

   . Restrictions on the take of endangered species (implemented through the
U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (hereinafter "USFWS") and the National Marine
Fisheries Service (hereinafter "NMFS") only.

   . Real time operation of Delta pumps so that pumping is reduced below the
standards when necessary to reduce environmental impacts and increased above the
Standards when higher pumping is safe.

   . A $ 180 million fund designed to improve habitat conditions through
upstream restoration, screening intakes, and (possibly) the purchase of water.

   The Agreement is attractive to the state and federal governments, to the
water users, and to the environmental community for the following reasons:

   . The environment will get state-endorsed standards in the Estuary hopefully
sufficient to stabilize populations.

    [*181]  . The federal government will be able to step back and let the state
take a greater role in water management.

   . Urban and agricultural agencies will get much greater predictability in
water supply at a price they can afford.

   . The Agreement opens the door to adaptive management, which offers the
potential of greater environmental protection without increased hits on water
users.

   . The Agreement also opens the door to a new long-term planning process with
the potential to provide for quantum leaps in environmental conditions and in
urban and agricultural water supplies.

   III. HISTORY OF BAY/DELTA ENVIRONMENTAL PROCESSES

 Focused efforts to achieve improvements in the environmental conditions in the
Bay-Delta Estuary might be said to have begun in 1987 with the beginning of the
so-called Bay-Delta Hearings (hereinafter "Hearings"), held under the auspices
of the SWRCB. During those Hearings, the Bay Area community presented strong
scientific evidence demonstrating the decline of the estuarine environment and
implicating both the reduction in fresh water flow through the Estuary and the
impact of massive Delta diversions as a major cause of this decline.

   The environmental community was so successful in its advocacy that in 1988
the SWRCB published a draft set of water quality standards requiring major
increases in spring Delta outflow and major reductions in export pumping. The
water user community, particularly the San Joaquin and Southern California water
agencies dependant upon Delta exports, reacted very negatively to the draft
standards, and they were quickly withdrawn.

   In 1994, San Joaquin and Southern California export water agencies were in
the vanguard insisting that the SWRCB adopt a set of strong and comprehensive
standards to protect the Estuary. On December 15, 1994, urban, agricultural, and
environmental organizations, as well as the state and federal governments signed
a dramatic agreement that not only promised strong Bay-Delta standards, but also
$ 180 million over three years for habitat restoration and modifications of
water project operations on a daily basis to reduce the impacts of pumping.

   The odyssey from firestorm to consensus resembles, in some ways, the plot
line of the movie "Groundhog Day," in which the protagonist is doomed to
repeating the same basic chain of events until he can get it right. n1 In any
case, the key elements in the process can be summarized as follows:

[*182]

   The Three-Way Process

 The "Three-Way Process" began when environmentalists met from 1991 through 1993
with agricultural and urban representatives in an effort to reach agreement on a
program to meet the needs of each interest. The talks did not lead to specific
actions, but they did lay the conceptual foundations for the 1994 Agreement. In
essence, during these three-way talks, most water users came to accept that the
environmental problems in the Estuary were so severe that productive discussion
on such issues as water development and Delta transfer would never occur until
environmental conditions were stabilized. For this reason, the Three-Way Process
developed a proposal for (1) immediate environmental improvements in the
Estuary, linked to (2) a long-term planning process designed to improve
conditions for water users and the environment (hereinafter the "Three-Way
Formula"). The linkage of immediate environmental benefits with long-term
planning was the foundation for the Governor's water policy in 1992 and for a
state-federal framework agreement in 1994.

   The Governor's Policy

 Governor Wilson published a water policy in 1992 which echoed the Three-Way
Formula with the significant difference that he would be the "honest broker" for
the agreement (substituting himself for elaborate safeguards to assure fairness
written into the Three-Way Formula). Accordingly, the SWRCB began work on draft
decision (hereinafter "D 1630") for immediate environmental improvement while
the Bay Delta Oversight Council (hereinafter "BDOC"), made up of urban,
agricultural, and environmental representatives, began a long-term planning
process for the Estuary. The attempt almost succeeded. Both the urban and
environmental communities gave guarded support to D 1630, and all sides
supported the BDOC process. Nevertheless, on April 1, 1993, Governor Wilson
asked the SWRCB to withdraw D 1630.

   The reasons for the Governor's decision were twofold. First, the agricultural
agencies dependant upon export water - primarily Kern County Water Agency - had
decided that they did not wish to exchange the certainty of supply losses
represented by D 1630 for the possibility of supply improvements promised by the
BDOC process. Second, the federal government was intervening in California water
management under the ESA on behalf of both the winter run salmon and Delta
smelt. Since the ESA protections were arguably more stringent than D 1630,
Governor Wilson could, by withdrawing D 1630, place the blame for improved
standards on the federal government.

   What the Governor did not count on was that the environmental community would
withdraw en masse from the BDOC process, thereby effectively eviscerating the
second half of the Governor's policy. Moreover, by withdrawing from the field,
the Governor had left the federal government to control the Delta using the
harsh rules of the ESA.

[*183]

   Endangered Species Act

 NMFS listed the winter run salmon as a threatened species in 1989. In 1992, the
USFWS listed the Delta smelt as an endangered species. As a result of these ESA
listings, NMFS and USFWS have imposed strict conditions on the operations of the
state and federal water projects. Of particular concern were numerical limits on
the number of Delta smelt and winter run salmon which could be taken at the
pumps. Such take limits were objectionable to water users, not just because they
had water costs, but because they decreased the reliability of supply and made
planning difficult. n2

   The ESA Bay/Delta standards had two tremendously beneficial effects. First,
they were the only regulatory mechanism able to protect the endangered species
of the Estuary (and other species, because of overlaps) during the latter part
of the 1987-92 drought. Secondly, by imposing painful water costs and
unreliability on export agencies, the ESA made it much easier for export
agencies to accept state-adopted standards; after the ESA, even strong
environmental standards started looking good, provided that the reliability of
supply could be improved.

   Federal Legislation

 In 1992, Congress passed, and President Bush signed, the Central Valley Project
Improvement Act (hereinafter "CVPIA"). Among other things, the CVPIA dedicated
some 800,000 acre-feet of water per year from the Central Valley Project
(hereinafter "CVP") and created a $ 50 million per year fund for  [*184]
environmental enhancement. As with the ESA, the CVPIA both provided protection
on the ground and, by imposing stringent standards, made it easier for the
federal water contractors to support state-adopted Delta standards.

   Environmental Protection Agency Standards

 The Environmental Protection Agency (hereinafter "EPA") is required, under the
CWA to approve state water quality control plans. If the states do not
adequately protect water quality, the EPA is required to step in and promulgate
its own standards. When California withdrew D 1630, the EPA decided that it
could no longer wait for the state to act, and it began its own promulgation
process. The EPA standard-setting was perhaps less crucial than the ESA or the
CVPIA in bringing water users to the negotiating table, since they were
skeptical that the EPA could implement its new standards. However, the EPA
process was a catalyst for a great deal of negotiation between the urban and
environmental communities over standards which would protect the environment
with the least possible impact on water users. Moreover, the EPA standards were,
in fact, implemented as ESA standards by the USFWS and NMFS.

   The State-Federal Framework Agreement

 Almost immediately, the Wilson administration came to regret its decision to
abandon the field. The press widely criticized the Governor's decision to
abandon state standards. In practical terms, it left the state with no
justification for easing the federal government out of water management. On the
contrary, it strengthened the federal justification for intervention.
Additionally, the federal actions under ESA to protect winter run salmon and
Delta smelt were considered unnecessarily stringent by the water users. After
prodding by the urban and business communities, the state essentially reversed
course and negotiated a framework agreement with the federal government
(hereinafter "Framework Agreement"). The Framework Agreement was, yet again, a
restatement of the Three-Way Formula: immediate Bay/Delta improvements linked to
a long-term planning process. In this case, the state of California would
generate, through the SWRCB, standards comparable to the federal EPA and ESA
standards. Once these standards were in place and implemented, the federal
government would release primary control of the Delta to the state. At the same
time, a new long-term planning process would take place, this time under joint
state-federal auspices.

   IV. BIOLOGY AND REMEDIATION

 The Estuary has been subjected to a wide variety of injuries over the last
century, including:

[*185]

   Land use changes

 Throughout the Central Valley and in the Delta, tidal and seasonal wetlands
were drained and diked. Rivers were forced into narrow channels. In the Delta,
this phenomenon resulted in "islands" surrounded by narrow Delta channels. The
result of these changes was a massive loss of fish, bird, and plant habitat.

   Destruction of spawning habitat

 Dams constructed on most Central Valley streams and rivers destroyed much of
the habitat for Chinook salmon. Salmon spawning is now generally restricted to
short stretches of river below dams on the valley floor. Spawning within these
restricted areas can be harmed by improper temperatures, fluctuations in
outflows, and toxic releases.

   Reduced outflows

 A significant portion of the water that once flowed through the Central Valley
watershed is now diverted, either upstream or from the Delta, for urban and
agricultural use. Because the spring months are characterized by high flows
(from snowmelt) with little fear of flooding, diversions of flows are
particularly high during this period. Unfortunately, the spring is also a key
period for many Delta species. Statistical analysis indicates convincingly that
higher Delta outflows in the spring are correlated with the health of many Delta
species.

   Diversions

 The diversion of water harms the ecosystem, not just by reducing flows, but
also by physically drawing fish into the pumps (or into the vicinity of the
pumps, where predators await them). The state and federal pumps in the southern
Delta are the two most notorious examples. However, thousands of additional
diversion points exist within the Delta islands and along the Central Valley
tributaries. The amount of harm caused by diversions is difficult to quantify,
since much of the damage is caused in the vicinity of the pumps and not in the
pumps themselves. The impact, however, is certainly large.

   Because of the problems outlined above, numerous species and populations
dependant upon the Estuary and the Central Valley watershed are on the verge of
extinction. These species include the winter and spring run Chinook salmon,
Delta smelt, Longfin smelt, and Sacramento splittail. The threat of extinction
has become so great that nearly everyone now agrees that something must be done
to remedy retrieve the situation.

   The protection and restoration of the Estuary requires remedial measures to
undo the impacts of past environmental insults. Categorizing  [*186]  these
remedial measures in terms of possible short-term, medium-range, and long-term
goals generates the following rough list:

   Measures that can be taken immediately.

 . Control Delta inflow and outflow through operation of the state and federal
projects. Increased Delta outflow is particularly needed during the spring
months.

   . Control the operation of gates within the Delta.

   . Close gates (at the Delta Cross Channel in the north Delta and the Old
River Barrier in the South Delta) in order to help keep salmon migrating down
the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers away from the Central Delta and away from
the export pumps.

   . Control diversions at the export facilities by limiting exports at times
when the diversion of water causes biological damage. The most important period
for the reduction of pumping in order to minimize biological damage appears to
be in the spring.

   Measures that can be taken within a few years.

 . Control Delta inflow and outflow by regulating the operation of all Central
Valley water users (and thus, control inflow by tributary). This measure
requires a water rights decision by the SWRCB or an environmental purchase
mechanism.

   . Limit impact of Delta island and tributary diversions through screening of
intakes or changing of diversion patterns.

   . Develop an adaptive management system in which diversions (and outflows)
are attuned to biological conditions in real-time.

   . Reduce toxic discharges.

   Measures that may take a decade or more.

 . Major new plumbing in the Delta or in the Central Valley (e.g., replacement
of the Delta export pumps with an isolated transfer system).

   . Development of an integrated groundwater management system in the Central
Valley.

   . Major additions to storage (including surface and groundwater storage
facilities).

   . Restoration of large areas of the Delta to riparian, wetland, and shallow
tidal habitat.

   This topology and the severity of the remedial measures explain the strategy
which was developed in the Three-Way Process and which is being played out with
the December Agreement and the long-term planning  [*187]  process. The first
step is to implement those measures which can be taken immediately to stabilize
the environment of the Estuary (the short-and middle-term measures). Then, using
the breathing space created by the implementation of the initial measures,
consideration can be given to longer-term actions.

   V. STRATEGIES, TACTICS, AND POLITICS

 The process by which the Agreement came together was convoluted. All sides were
tempted to walk away from the negotiations. In fact, this nearly happened. In
the end, however, the desirability of the Agreement from all perspectives
provided the impetus to keep everyone at the negotiating table. Before
describing how the Agreement coalesced, it is useful to discuss the motivations
of each of the key players.

   The State

 The state administration was very ambivalent toward the negotiations and
implementation of the State-Federal Framework Agreement. The Framework Agreement
was good policy, but the politics were dicey. In addition to the same
considerations which led Governor Wilson to withdraw D 1630, other concerns
surfaced.

   . By engineering a collapse of joint state-federal protection and management
in the Estuary and forcing the federal government to take full responsibility
for protecting the Estuary. Governor Wilson could blame the feds for any
economic repercussions and argue that he was defending the state's rights
against imperial Washington.

   . Any agreement by California in 1994 to implement standards under the
direction of the federal government would be seen as a turnaround from 1993,
when Governor Wilson retracted his own standards rather than enter into
negotiations with the federal government.

   . A joint state-federal long-term planning process would wipe out the state's
own long-term process and would be an admission that the state could not plan
and manage the Delta without federal involvement.

   . If export agriculture representatives, especially those from Kern County,
were not amenable to the Agreement, then implementation of SWRCB standards could
cost the administration a major source of political support.

   On the other hand, cooperation with the federal government on developing
SWRCB standards and a long-term process offered several advantages, including:

    [*188]  . Strong SWRCB standards could wrest primary control over the Delta
away from the federal agencies. In particular, a proactive state position on
standards would provide leverage to get NMFS and USFWS to ease their strict take
limits at the export pumps.

   . The Agreement could be seen as fulfillment of the Governor's water policy.

   . Important constituencies within the urban, business, and agricultural
communities were strongly supportive of reaching a stable agreement.

   In the fall of 1994, the state administration decided to force a state
-federal crisis by having the SWRCB adopt draft standards which would be too
weak for the federal government to accept. However, under pressure from the
urban and business communities and parts of the agricultural community, the
state agreed to make an effort to accommodate the federal government, and the
door was open to reaching an agreement. Even then, state support for the
Agreement was clearly conditioned on the acceptability of the Agreement to the
Kern County Water Agency (hereinafter "KCWA"). If the KCWA refused to approve
the Agreement, the state would almost certainly have backed away the Agreement
(echoing the state's decision to back away from D 1630).

   The Federal Government

 The federal administration was strongly supportive of reaching an accommodation
with the state on SWRCB standards and the long-term process. The administration
did not want to give Governor Wilson an opportunity to use a Bay/Delta crisis as
an opportunity to bash the federal government and the ESA. The federal
government also did not wish to remain in the business of managing the Delta on
a long-term basis. On the other hand, the federal government was obligated to
protect the Estuary under a variety of federal laws, including the ESA, CWA, and
the CVPIA.

   For these reasons, the federal government was in a difficult position. If it
took a very hard line on standards, the state would walk away from the
negotiations. If it took a soft line, the state would score a political victory,
and the environmental organizations would sue the federal government for failure
to comply with environmental laws.

   Moreover, the federal government was not unified internally. Both NMFS and
USFWS were taking a hard line on the flows and take standards needed to protect
winter run salmon and Delta smelt. In particular, both were committed to a
standard which would limit reverse flows and to stringent limits on the take of
these fish at the pumps. Water user groups opposed both issues because of the
water costs (with reverse flows) and decreased reliability of supply (from take
limits). The federal administration finally convinced both NMFS and USFWS to
consider alternative approaches to the protection of endangered species,
provided that protection was not jeopardized. The willingness by NMFS and
[*189]  USFWS to look at a variety of approaches eased the resolution of the
disputes over export pumping controls and take limits.

   The Environmental Organizations

 The primary environmental organizations involved in the negotiations leading up
to the Agreement were the Bay Institute, the Environmental Defense Fund, and the
Natural Heritage Institute.

   These organizations generally accepted the Three-Way Formula: immediate
environmental improvements with added protection and restoration in the
long-term planning process. For this reason, environmental groups were not
seeking to gain full environmental protection from the negotiations, but rather
standards adequate to stabilize the estuarine environment and assure protection
of endangered species.

   This strategy was based on the assumption that water interests could and
would block any environmental restoration program that caused major new
shortages in export areas. Therefore, while protection adequate to stabilize the
situation in the Estuary was necessary and possible in the short term, full
restoration in a single step was not. Additional improvements in the Estuary
would have to be part of a future long-term planning effort; this effort would
begin in 1995 under joint state-federal auspices. The sooner that planning
effort could begin, the sooner the environment could expect to achieve major
additional gains in protection.

   Moreover, the environmental groups were reluctant to rely upon the federal
government and particularly upon the ESA as the primary bulwark of protection
for the Estuary. For this reason, environmental groups were willing to accept
somewhat less than they might have hoped for from the ESA in return for the
assurance that all sides (especially the state and the water users) would
support the new Standards. The wisdom of this strategy was borne out by the
November elections.

   Urban Water Agencies

 The urban water agencies, like the environmental organizations, believed that
the Three-Way Formula of immediate environmental protections coupled with a
long-term planning process was the best way to achieve their goal of a
high-quality, reliable, and affordable water supply. This conclusion was based
upon the following considerations:

   . Urban water agencies generally were not facing an immediate major water
supply problem. With water conservation, reclamation, and a major reduction in
baseline demand due to the previous drought, demand would not outstrip supply
for a decade or more. Water transfers from agriculture provided an additional
buffer.

   . However, urban agencies were facing immediate water quality and security
problems, and, given current trends, would face project water supply problems
within a decade or so.

    [*190]  Water quality. Delta water had high amounts of organics, which
reacted with disinfectants during treatment to form compounds which might be
carcinogenic. EPA water quality standards for these compounds would have made
treatment of Delta water increasingly expensive.

   Security. There was a significant probability that a major earthquake near
the Delta would lead to the collapse of many Delta islands simultaneously. Since
the islands were below sea level, a collapse would cause water to rush into the
islands, probably from the Bay. The inrush would bring salty water into the
Delta, making the water undrinkable for many months, if not longer.

   Water supply. The current physical and regulatory arrangements in the Delta
virtually cut off southern California from additional Sacramento Valley water
supplies. In the long run, Southern California either had to be prepared to meet
future demands from existing supplies, cannibalize west side agriculture, or get
access to additional supplies from the Sacramento Valley (whether by using
adaptive management techniques or a safer transfer facility].

   . Until the Delta environment was stabilized, no other water management
initiatives involving the Delta would be achievable. Instead, most attention
would continue to be given to the needs of endangered species and new standards,
and water supplies would be cut in unpredictable ways. Certainly, few
environmentalists would be willing to support long-term planning and water
management strategies when the Estuary was continuing to collapse in the short
term.

   . The water and financial cost to urban agencies of immediate standards to
protect the Estuary were affordable. On the other hand, the costs of not
proceeding with a long-term planning process were potentially enormous.

   In essence, the urban agencies embarked upon a 20-year strategic plan:
supporting standards for the Estuary and giving up water in the short term, in
exchange for (1) gaining middle-term stabilization of the estuarine environment
and reduction in the risk of unforeseen shortages and (2) laying the foundation
for a long-term planning process that would provide for urban needs well into
the 21st century. In many ways, the urban and environmental visions were
compatible, provided that future modes of water acquisition were environmentally
friendly. However, accepting the urban offer of short-and long-term
environmental gains for the Estuary and for Central Valley rivers implied that
environmentalists had to abandon attempts to use water shortages to constrain
urban growth. While some environmentalists might be unwilling to give up this
leverage, the question is best left for another day.

[*191]

   Agriculture

 Of all the interest groups, agriculture had the greatest reservations about the
Three-Way Formula:

   Upstream agriculture. A state commitment to implementing new standards to
protect the Estuary would require water. Upstream agriculture had, in the past,
demanded that junior users (e.g., the state and federal projects) bear the full
burden of protective standards. In practice, there was a significant likelihood
that the SWRCB, in its water rights process, would attempt to reallocate some
water from upstream users relying on the public trust doctrine and other
authorities. Therefore, since upstream agriculture was generally water rich, it
arguably had fewer gains and greater risks from state implementation of
short-term standards and a long-term planning process.

   Nevertheless, the position of upstream agriculture was ambiguous. The
Northern California Water Association signed the Agreement 15 on behalf of a
number of agricultural districts (primarily rice-growing) in the Sacramento
Valley. However, other upstream agricultural districts were conspicuous in their
absence from the signing of the Agreement. Despite any ambiguities, upstream
agriculture would most probably not oppose the SWRCB Standards; of course, this
could all change when the SWRCB determines who should give up water to meet the
standards.

   Export agriculture. Export agriculture had historically opposed new standards
for the Estuary because, even if upstream agriculture contributed some water,
export agriculture would continue to bear a major part of the burden. Unlike the
urban agencies, export agriculture was already suffering from water shortages.
Contributions to Delta protection meant that land would have to be fallowed
and/or groundwater tables would have to drop. Some farmers might go bankrupt.
Therefore, the sacrifices involved in accepting Delta Standards had greater
immediate consequences to export agriculture than to urban exporters. The fear
of losing water led the KCWA to oppose D 1630 in 1993. On the other hand, export
agriculture was subject to the same dynamics as the urban export agencies:
without a settlement in the Delta, water supply conditions would only get worse.
For this reason, export agriculture was internally divided on the advisability
of supporting Delta standards. Hardliners, intent on resisting the
implementation of new standards, held the upper hand. Recently, the burden of
complying with the stringent ESA and CVPIA requirements gave the moderate
faction grudging support for standards with the argument that new standards
would improve, not worsen water supply conditions.

   VI. THE DEAL IS CUT

 The EPA was required under court order to issue its final Standards for the
Estuary on December 15, 1994. Both the NMFS and USFWS also determined that they
would issue their biological opinions for winter run salmon and Delta smelt on
the same date. The biological opinions  [*192]  represented de facto Delta
standards because they set flow, export, and take limits for the state and
federal projects. Water users had been very unhappy with the biological opinions
of 1993 and 1994, because they felt that the loss of water and reliability were
unreasonably high. In any case, the federal government was ready to propose and
implement a set of strong Bay/Delta standards for 1995.

   Under the Framework Agreement, the SWRCB was obligated to issue draft
Bay/Delta Standards by December, 1994, and to promulgate final standards by
early 1995. If the Standards were adequate to satisfy federal mandates, then the
federal government would step back and let California resume active control over
Delta management. If the standards were too weak, however, the federal
government would refuse to accede to the Standards and continue its operation of
the Delta. Thus, the stage was set for either consensus or conflict between the
state and federal governments.

   As discussed above, the federal, urban, and environmental players all had
reasons to avoid a breakdown in negotiations between the state and federal
governments. Thus, in early 1994, urban and environmental interests, in
cooperation with the EPA, nearly agreed on the measures needed to implement the
EPA standards. This agreement would serve as one of the foundations of the
Bay/Delta Agreement.

   Urban interests, calculating that the state administration would not support
state standards equivalent to the federal standards without approval from export
agriculture, abandoned their bilateral discussions with the environmental
community and opened a dialogue with the agricultural community on the
possibility of comprehensive Bay/Delta standards. The urban and agricultural
groups together spent close to $ 1 million developing biologically-based
standards which would have minimum impact on water users.

   The joint urban/agriculture proposal (hereinafter "Urban/Ag Proposal") is
described in detail in other documents. In essence, the Urban/Ag Proposal would
have provided for:

   . Spring Delta outflows somewhat lower than outflows in the EPA standards.

   . Exports less than 30% of inflows to the Delta from February to June, 35% in
July, and 65% for the rest of the year.

   . Permanent closure of the Delta Cross Channel gates from February through
May (to protect winter run salmon), with 30 days of closure from November
through January.

   . Spring pulse flows in April and May on the San Joaquin River, coupled with
closure of the Old River Barrier, and a requirement that export pumping could
never be greater than the pulse flow to protect fall run salmon.

   . The standards assumed that the federal agencies would eliminate their take
requirements.

    [*193]  The original joint urban/agriculture/state (hereinafter "Urb/Ag/
State") plan was to present a set of standards for adoption by the SWRCB that
were relatively strong, but not as strong as the federal requirements. The
Governor and the federal government representatives would then be placed in a
battle of wills, "staring down" the other to see who blinked first. During this
period, the Urb/Ag/State group refused to discuss any modification of their
proposal with the federal government or the environmental community. However,
the Urb/Ag/State group then inexplicably decided to make a good-faith effort to
resolve its differences of opinion with the federal/environmental side. The
change in tactics was probably due to pressure from the urban agencies and the
business community, as well as signals from the federal agencies and the
environmental community that they were willing to be flexible on the form of the
standards.

   At a meeting in Monterey on December 1, the state and federal governments
continued their stalemate, with the federal government promising to move ahead
with the ESA standards on December 15th unless agreement was reached and the
Urb/Ag/State group predicting that such a move would cause all efforts toward
accommodation to collapse. However, at the same meeting, it became clear to all
sides that the scientific justification for export controls, whether based upon
reverse flows or percentage of Delta inflow, was very weak and that
accommodations might be possible which cost less water while maintaining
equivalent levels of protection. The Urb/Ag/State group further conceded by
committing funds for non-water-related habitat improvements, such as screening
of diversions. Despite the apparent stalemate, it became clear that all sides
wanted to reach an agreement.

   On December 6th, key representatives from state and federal agencies, and the
urban, agricultural, and environmental groups met in Los Angeles. At that
meeting, the federal agencies agreed to use the Urb/Ag/State proposal as the
basis for further discussions. While consideration was given to allowing
negotiations to continue after the December 15th deadline as long as progress
was being made, most representatives felt that the chances of reaching a
successful conclusion would be greatly reduced, if the discussions were not
fruitful by the deadline. Also, the state pushed strongly for delay of the
federal decision on whether to list the Sacramento splittail as threatened or
endangered. The listing would not have cost any more water, but it would have
undermined the state's argument that it had triumphed over the federal
government on the ESA. The USFWS acceded to this request and delayed its listing
decision for six months.

   Starting on December 12, 1995, all the representatives met in Sacramento for
three days of marathon negotiations. While the KCWA (and, therefore, the state)
nearly withdrew from the negotiations on December 13th, the parties finalized a
package that modified the Urb/Ag/State proposal in the following ways (ignoring
minor changes):

    [*194]  . The amount of allowable exports in February was significantly
reduced. In return, the amount of allowable exports from March through July was
raised slightly.

   . Flows in the San Joaquin River in April and May were significantly
increased.

   . The number of days of closure of the Delta Cross Channel were increased.

   . The water cost of the Standards were increased slightly, from about 1.0 MAF
in critical years to less than 1.1 MAF in critical years.

   . Greater flexibility was built into the Standards, allowing exporters to
make up for water lost as a result of reduced pumping due to limit concerns (if
consistent with environmental protection).

   . The state and federal governments and the water users agreed to provide $
180 million in funds over three years for non-water-related environmental
improvements.

   VII. UNDERSTANDING THE STANDARDS: THEORIES OF WATER MANAGEMENT IN THE DELTA

 As discussed above in section IV on Biology and Remediation, any standards
aimed at quick improvements in environmental conditions in the Estuary must be
primarily based upon:

   . Control over flows into and out of the Estuary.

   . Diversions from the Estuary.

   . The movement of water within the Estuary.

   . Other fast-track projects which do not involve the movement of water, such
as screening of diversions or control of poaching.

   Delta Outflow Standards are Well-Developed

 The goal is to provide optimum conditions for the ecosystem at an acceptable
cost to water users. In some areas, correlations between physical conditions and
biological health serve as guides. In particular, there is strong scientific
evidence to indicate that strong Delta outflow in the spring is correlated with
biological health. The spring outflow (or salinity) standard is widely supported
and is part of the package of Standards.

   Competing Theories of Control Over Exports

 There is very little information on which to set the standards for the export
pumps. Instead, standards are set according to conceptual models of how movement
of water in the Delta affects biology. However, there are two  [*195]  competing
theories forming the basis for these conceptual models: one theory holds that
the net flows of water are biologically dominant, while the other contends that
the tidal effects are dominant. The standards which emerge from each theory are
quite different:

   Net Flows. The net flow theory follows the average flow of water in the Delta
and assumes that biota are carried with that net flow. In this conceptual model,
the Delta can be thought of as a set of pipes. If there is a net flow through
the pipes toward the export pumps, then fish and salt will tend to be swept into
the pumps over a period of time. Under this theory, fish can be isolated from
the effects of the pumps (and the pumps from salt) by assuring that net flows
toward the pumps are minimal when species of concern are in the Delta. Adherents
of this school would advocate limits on reverse flows and strict pumping limits
when salmon are migrating through the Delta. This model has been the accepted
model for several decades, and it has major implications for policy. Under this
model, export pumping from the south Delta must be severely constrained to
protect the Delta, and it is, therefore, intuitively attractive to
environmentalists. However, since the net flow problem can be solved by
connecting the export intakes to an isolated transfer system around the Delta,
this model has also served as the foundation for arguments in favor of a
peripheral canal.

   This theory also implies that frequent choices must be made between closing
the Delta Cross Channel to keep salmon in the Sacramento River (and out of the
Central Delta) and opening the Delta Cross Channel to avoid the effect of
reverse flows on Delta smelt. In other words, gate closures may help salmon by
keeping them in the Sacramento River, but may hurt Delta smelt by creating
reverse flows which sweep them to the pumps.

   Tidal Action. In the Delta, flows due to tidal action are perhaps 100 times
greater than tidal flows on average. Supporters of the tidal action theory
analogize the mixing action induced by the tides in the Delta to a swirling bowl
of soup; within this analogy, the export pumps are like straws stuck into the
soup. Under this theory, fish reaching the tidal zone are not necessarily swept
into the pumps (a basic assumption of the net flow theory), but are just as
likely to be swept away from the pumps. The most important factors to consider
under the tidal action theory are the concentration of fish in the vicinity of
the intakes and the rate of pumping - in other words, how thick is the soup and
how intense is the suction through the straw. Therefore, net flows (e.g.,
reverse flows) into the pumps are not very important per se for either
biological protection or for salinity control. Since reverse flows are
irrelevant to the movement of fish in the Delta under this theory, closure of
the Delta Cross Channel is not considered to cause a problem for Delta smelt.
The tidal action theory, therefore, tends to be less restrictive on pumping.

   There is very little evidence to show which theory is correct. The tidal
action theory may be accurate short-time scales, while the net flow theory may
apply to longer-time scales. Another complication is the behavior of  [*196]
fish; many fish do not simply float with the currents, but instead move
according to their own logic (whether toward a desired salinity level or out to
the ocean). In any case, no generally accepted export standard currently exists
to accurately pinpoint when it is safe to operate the pumps.

   Both theories are imbedded in the Standards in ways that are not entirely
consistent. The tidal action theory is the basis for the primary export
standard. The overall limit on exports is calculated (ignoring some
complications) by adding up the total amount of Delta inflow and multiplying by
a fraction (.35 from February to June, .65 for other months). Except for a
30-day period in April and May (when exports cannot exceed San Joaquin inflows),
there is no consideration given to the Delta inflow origins.

   On the other hand, the Standards provide for closing the Delta Cross Channel
gates for only 45 days during the period from November through January, because
of concerns that longer closures would create reverse flows harmful to Delta
smelt. Ironically, the application of the net flow theory in this case by USFWS
greatly reduces the protection for spring run salmon smolts as they migrate down
through the Delta in November, December, and January.

   Non-Water Factors in Environmental Protection

 Water users correctly argue that reduced flows and increased exports are not
the only cause of environmental problems within the Estuary. Accordingly, they
complain that increased flows and reduced diversions should not be the only
tools used to protect the Delta. In the past, environmentalists were suspicious
of such claims, not necessarily because they were wrong, but because they were
generally presented as reasons for not setting stronger water quality standards.
However, this conflict seems to have abated.

   While water users continue to place great emphasis on environmental
protection through non-water-related means, they now concede that such measures
should be implemented in addition to improved flow and diversion standards.
Therefore, the Agreement includes a provision for $ 180 million for measures
such as: screening diversions, waste discharge control, reduction of illegal
fishing, and riparian, wetland, and estuarine habitat restoration.

   Water users benefit from this provision in two ways: (1) the money increases
the likelihood that the new Standards will actually stabilize the Bay/Delta
environment; and (2) successful non-water-related programs would demonstrate
that water-related measures could be replaced, thereby reducing pressure for
additional flow standards in the future.

   VIII. THE STANDARDS

 This section describes key elements of the Standards in greater detail.

   The Agreement attempts to develop an ecosystem approach to environmental
protection in the Estuary using tools readily available over the next three
years (flows, diversions, gates, and simple non-water  [*197]  measures). The
ecosystem approach was formulated by the conflict between legal and ecological
desire to protect endangered species and the need to keep water supply losses
within politically-acceptable levels.

   Estuarine Habitat Standard

 This Standard can be thought of as either a Delta outflow standard or a Delta
salinity standard. The Standard requires (roughly speaking) that salinity (and
outflow) conditions from February through June be maintained at levels that
would have existed in Suisun Bay, given water operations in about 1970. In other
words, the Standard forces the water projects to go back to 1970 levels and let
out more water in the late winter and spring.

   The Standard is based upon mathematical correlations between the average
location of 2 parts per thousand (ppt) salinity and biological indices for
species such as longfin smelt, striped bass and neomysis mercedes. Basically,
the correlations indicate that fish fare better if the average salinity is
pushed farther downstream in the spring. Salinity conditions improve looking
back in time, because reductions in spring outflows have been continuous over
the last 50 years. Under the Standard, the greater the runoff of water in the
Central Valley watershed from January through May, the more days the position of
the 2 ppt salinity line must be downstream of two measuring stations in Suisun
Bay from February through June. Additionally, the 2 ppt salinity line must be
below the confluence of the San Joaquin and Sacramento Rivers for the entire
February-June period to protect Delta smelt. n3

   Mathematical correlations aside, Suisun Bay was chosen as the area for
maintenance of salinity conditions, because it contains the last prime fish
habitat left in the Estuary. Most other habitat was diked up and converted to
farming many years ago.

   The Standard generally follows the EPA salinity requirements for estuarine
habitat. Environmental groups and urban water agencies came to agreement on this
Standard early in 1994. It has a strong scientific basis, provides significant
environmental protection, and has water supply impacts which were acceptable to
urban and, eventually, agricultural groups. However, because the Standard is
tied to actual runoff conditions, both sides share the benefits and risks of wet
and dry years.

   Delta Export/Inflow Relationships

 This is the primary Standard to control pumping by the state and federal export
facilities in the south Delta. Basically, exporters are allowed  [*198]  to pump
no more than a given percentage of inflow at any given time. The allowable
percentage varies over the year, with a low of 35% during February to June and a
high of 65% during July to January.

   There is an additional pumping limitation in the April-May period in order to
protect San Joaquin River salmon (see below). Also, pumping is reduced, if
necessary, to minimize the risk of danger to endangered species (see below).
Otherwise, pumping is controlled by this Standard alone; absolute pumping limits
and reverse flow standards have been superseded.

   The basis for the export/inflow Standard is primarily intuitive. It seems
logical that, if more water is flowing into the Delta, then pumping can be
increased without causing additional impacts on the environment. Similarly, if
inflow drops, then exports should also be curtailed. The controversy surrounding
this logic is that the source of Delta inflow is not considered. For example, if
Sacramento River inflow is high, but San Joaquin River inflow is low, then the
level of pumping allowed under the Standard may actually be higher than what the
San Joaquin River can sustain; conceivably, water from the Sacramento River will
make its way across the Delta to the pumps, thereby adversely impacting the
environment. The importance of this phenomenon depends upon whether the net flow
theory or the tidal action theory is in fact the dominant physical mechanism
governing the movement of biota in the Delta; this issue is discussed in greater
detail in section VII, above.

   The Standard will significantly reduce export pumping in the later winter and
spring months compared to historical levels, which is something environmental
groups have sought for many years because of this period's importance to the
lifecycles of many species. On the other hand, the Standard will force greater
pumping in the summer and fall months, and this may cause new problems to
appear. Overall, however, the shift in pumping patterns away from the spring
offers significant net benefits.

   San Joaquin Fall Run Salmon Standards

 Salmon smolts migrate down from the Stanislaus, Tuolumne, and Merced Rivers,
into the San Joaquin River, into the Delta, and, eventually, out into the ocean
during March, April, and May. It is very tricky getting these salmon past the
pumps, which are located just west of the San Joaquin River. There are at least
three different options: (1) reduce pumping; (2) wall off the San Joaquin River
from the pumps by putting a barrier at "Old River," where a channel leading
directly into the pumps splits off from the main San Joaquin River; or (3)
increase flows in the San Joaquin River in order to transport the salmon away
from the pumps as quickly as possible.

   However, placing a barrier at Old River (the single most protective solution)
causes more water to be sucked from the south Delta toward the pumps, which, in
turn, might cause increased entrainment of Delta smelt. To solve this problem,
export levels should be reduced during this critical three-month period, but
these reductions would be unacceptable to water exporters.

    [*199]  Given the tradeoff between protection of salmon and protection of
Delta smelt and the political/economic need to maintain significant exports
during this three-month period, a Standard was developed which focused most
protection efforts on a limited period during which a majority of the salmon
would be migrating. Therefore, base flows of 700-3,400 cfs, depending on
year-type, will be provided in the San Joaquin River from February through May
of all years. However, primary protection efforts will occur over a 30-day
period (not necessarily continuous) in April and May. During this "window of
protection," pulses of water, varying from about 3,000-8,000 cfs, depending upon
year-type, will be released down the three San Joaquin River tributaries to
stimulate migration downstream. At the same time, a barrier will be placed at
Old River and export pumping will be restricted to 100% of Vernalis San Joaquin
inflow.

   The compromise reflected in the Standard is not ideal from the standpoint of
environmental protection. Significant numbers of salmon will migrate outside the
window of protection and will suffer heavy losses. Even during the 30-day
period, when the flow levels are good, exports will remain at dangerously high
levels (though they will be reduced compared to past conditions). Also,
compliance with the Standard will only be possible to the extent that the
federal government can release water from New Melones, at least until the SWRCB
water rights decision is promulgated; essentially, the full flow amounts may not
be available for the first three years or so. For all its deficiencies, the
Standard is a significant step forward from past conditions.

   Bolstering this Standard through the purchase of additional water and export
rights and through the flexibility in the Agreement to reduce pumping below
nominal standards will be a high priority over the next few years.

   Operational Flexibility and Adaptive Management

 The Delta is a major ecological resource, which also serves as a major
switching yard for some 6-7 MAF of pumped water/year. The incongruence of these
two uses has been one of the primary causes of conflict over the Delta.

   It is not possible to accurately predict when the pumps actually cause
environmental damage. Therefore, whenever preset export standards are used, the
restrictions exports must be very stringent in order to assure that protection
will be achieved. Fixed standards strict enough to provide for significant
restoration of the Estuary (i.e., to provide protection significantly beyond the
current Agreement) would require that exports from the south Delta be reduced
well below the export levels agreed to in the Bay/Delta Agreement.

   Therefore, to achieve optimal environmental restoration, there are three
available alternatives: reducing export levels, moving the pumps out of the
Delta (e.g., implementing an isolated transfer system), or finding ways to allow
levels of exports near current levels but with reduced environmental impacts. As
to this last option, the most promising method is adaptive  [*200]  management,
in which pumping is tied to the actual physical and biological conditions
existing at any given time. For example, if large numbers of Delta smelt move
into the vicinity of the pumps, then pumping could be suppressed before takes
become a problem. During other times, if there are few fish in the vicinity of
the pumps, then pumping could be increased. Such a management approach offers
the possibility of highly efficient and highly protective biological standards,
while also allowing for significant restoration of the Estuary without the need
for dramatic reductions in exports or an isolated transfer facility (or its
equivalent).

   Adaptive management was introduced into the Agreement in order to assure
water exporters that, if exports were reduced below nominal export standards to
reduce the take of endangered species, pumping above the Standards would be
allowed later in the year to compensate (provided that increased pumping was
consistent with biological protection). In this way, endangered species could
get adequate protection without dramatic reductions in the predictability of
export supply (one of the key issues which exporters had with the ESA).

   However, another section of the Agreement implies that reductions in pumping
and subsequent increases can also be made at the request of an "Operations
Group." This clause allows adaptive management to go beyond take limits. The
Operations Group will be comprised of representatives from the key state and
federal water management and wildlife protection agencies, as well as water
user, environmental, and fisheries interests. In essence, exporters will have a
water budget each year (the amount of water they could export given the nominal
export standards), and, within that budget, water managers will be able to
modify export controls to maximize environmental returns.

   A major flaw in the concept of adaptive management is that it will not
provide the promised benefits unless accurate predictions can be made as to when
it is safe to operate the pumps. There are three critical elements to making
adaptive management work: (1) developing a better understanding of the
biological relationships that control how species respond to other species and
to physical conditions, (2) monitoring fish populations to determine the
locations of key species in the Delta at any given time to predict their future
locations, and (3) developing institutions which insure that water is truly
managed to maximize environmental benefits.

   Although there is much work ahead, progress is being made on all three of
these elements. In particular, a monitoring provision in the Agreement will help
develop information for the first two elements. Also, the Operations Group
formed by the Agreement provides a basis for an institutional structure to
manage exports in the future.

   Adaptive management will greatly benefit the environment and will dominate
Delta water management within a decade. It can also be a frightening concept,
because it is based on the assumption that institutions will make sound
environmental decisions extemporaneously. Strictly-drawn  [*201]  standards will
no longer form the basis of water management, but these standards were extremely
inefficient from an environmental perspective, because they reduced the amount
of environmental protection to unacceptable levels in favor of political and
economic justifications.

   Monitoring

 A key element of the Agreement is stepped monitoring programs to determine how
well the Standards are working, locate fish concentrations to allow adaptive
management, and help to develop new and improved standards in the future.

   Category 3 Funding

 The use of the $ 180 million fund for non-water-related environmental
protection was discussed above in section VII. A small portion of this money may
also be used for additional flows to bolster weaknesses in the Agreement.

   Endangered Species

 The two Delta species listed under the ESA - winter run salmon and Delta smelt
- receive relatively strong protection in this Agreement. The Standards reflect
the needs of these species and ESA take limits remain as a bottom-line safety
net. Environmentalists are more concerned with the species that are not
currently listed, but probably deserve to be listed - spring run salmon,
Sacramento splittail, and longfin smelt. The habitat needs of the splittail and
the longfin smelt are generally met by the Standards, even though ESA take
limits will not apply. However, the Sacramento spring run salmon is the species
most at risk from these Standards.

   As previously discussed, above, protection for the spring run salmon gave way
to the needs of Delta smelt and water exporters. Spring run salmon need
protection as they migrate down the Sacramento River during November, December,
and January, and this protection can be provided by either closing the Delta
Cross Channel (to keep them out of the Central Delta) or by reducing pumping
during this period. However, full closure of the Delta Cross Channel was opposed
by USFWS, because it would increase losses of Delta smelt. Also, reductions in
exports were opposed by water exporters, because, with spring pumping greatly
reduced by the new Standards, the November-January window was one of their main
pumping opportunities.

   The Agreement does provide for Cross Channel closures during 45 days in
November-January, and this will help, particularly if the closures can be
targeted when spring run salmon are likely to be present. Other measures that
can be taken to bolster spring run salmon protection include convincing USFWS
that full closure of the Cross Channel would not put Delta smelt at risk,
spending Category 3 money on improving habitat conditions upstream,  [*202]
using the flexibility in the Standards to reduce pumping when spring run salmon
are likely to be present, and seeking a listing of spring run salmon as an
endangered species.

   In the past, environmental groups have held off seeking an ESA listing,
because of its effect on the commercial fishing industry. In fact, if the other
measures are successful, a listing might not be needed. However, all parties are
aware that an ESA listing petition may be necessary to protect the spring run
salmon.

   A new ESA listing would not be welcomed by either the state or the federal
government. The state forcefully insisted on inserting language into the
Agreement which implied that the Standards were so complete that new listings
would only occur as a result of "unforeseen circumstances." The federal
government agreed that it would be responsible for any additional water costs
which might occur as a result of new listings; in this regard, the state bears
no obligation for at least three years.

   IX. IMPLEMENTATION

 The SWRCB is committed to implementing the new Standards through a water rights
decision, scheduled to begin in 1995. Meanwhile, the Standards have been
incorporated into the NMFS and USFWS biological opinions for winter run salmon
and Delta smelt.

   Since the biological opinions only apply to the state and federal projects,
these projects will bear the brunt of compliance until the SWRCB spreads the
burden through its water rights decision. This means that the two projects have
every incentive to support rapid movement through the water rights process.

   However, since the Agreement specified that the federal share of compliance
water will come out of the 800 kaf dedicated to the environment in the CVPIA,
during critically dry years, much of the CVPIA environmental water could be
dedicated for Delta purposes, making it unavailable for its primary purpose -
doubling anadromous fish.

   The Agreement is limited to three years. Several factors could lead to its
collapsing after three years, if not sooner: if the state fails to fulfill its
obligations under the Agreement, if the Standards are ineffective, if new
endangered species are listed, or if the Category 3 fund is not provided. On the
other hand, if the process is going well, there is every likelihood that
elements of the Agreement not covered by SWRCB standards will be extended.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawNatural Resources & Public LandsEndangered Species ActSpecies
ListsEnvironmental LawNatural Resources & Public LandsEndangered Species
ActTakingsEnvironmental LawWater QualityGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Tim Quinn of the Metropolitan Water District first came up with this
analogy, as best I can remember.





n2.  Inter-annual supply planning has always been difficult in California.
Precipitation in one year is simply not well-correlated with precipitation in
the previous year. California has developed enormous amounts of storage to carry
water over from year to year to ameliorate this uncertainty.

   By contrast, relatively sophisticated intra-annual supply planning is
possible, because annual runoff levels are predictable with fair accuracy by
March or April of each year; whether reservoirs are empty or full is known by
this time. The predictability of supplies intra-annually is important, because
it allows water users to make more efficient management decisions. Growers can
predict how much acreage they can farm. Districts can decide whether to call for
shortages or to seek temporary sources of supply. Based upon statistical
analyses, districts can determine whether they should seek new permanent sources
of supply.

   Take limits threatened the intra-annual predictability of water supply for
exporters, because the taking of fish at the export pumps is not well correlated
with precipitation, since when the fish show up at the pumps is difficult to
predict. Thus, even with a wet winter and full storage, exports might be low
because of limits on takes. It is clear that water agencies consider the loss of
intra-annual and inner-annual predictability caused by take limits to be more
damaging to them than mere loss of water or the expenditure of cash to protect
the environment.





n3.  Delta smelt seek salinities slightly above 2 ppt. Therefore, if this line
were moved into the Delta, the smelt would also move upstream - and into
vicinity of the export pumps.


                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                          September 11, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Feds unveil $488M plan to fight mad cow crisis

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY (CP) -- The Canadian beef industry will get a further $488-million cash
injection from Ottawa to help it survive the mad cow crisis even if the crucial
United States market remains closed indefinitely.

The federal program, launched Friday, was immediately paired with another $230
million from Alberta.

But other provinces were not sure they could contribute.

Federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell, speaking in Calgary, said the
program has three goals:

- to increase slaughter capacity in Canada;

- to implement transition measures needed to sustain the industry while new
packing plants are built;

- to further develop foreign markets to reduce dependency on the U.S.

Mitchell said the plan moves away from previous government aid programs, which
assumed that cross-border cattle trade would resume.

"What we are seeking to do with today's announcement is to reposition the beef
industry so that it can return to profitability with or without a border
opening," said Mitchell, who was making three stops on the Prairies Friday.

The package includes a set-aside program, that will see ranchers paid for cattle
they hold back. This is to prevent the market from being flooded and causing
prices to drop.

There will also be money to help ranchers with cash-flow and financial issues.
There will be provisions for fast-tracking the development of new packing
plants.

A new program will pay farmers to cull 60,000 older cows and bulls that have
passed "normal productive life."

Millions of dollars and thousands of jobs have been lost since May 20, 2003,
when bovine spongiform encephalopathy -- also known as BSE or mad cow disease --
was diagnosed in one Alberta breeder cow.

The United States immediately closed its border to all beef products and live
cattle, as did more than 30 other countries. Some cuts of beef are now allowed
to flow south, but live cattle are still banned.

It's estimated the closure has cost the Canadian industry and rural communities
more than $6 billion. Federal and provincial governments had previously spent
$1.6 billion to help producers.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Canadian Press; Alberta agriculture minister shirley mcclellan speaks as
federal agriculture minster andy mitchell looks on during a press conference in
calgary to announce the canadian beef industry will be getting a
multimillion-dollar lifeline. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Donnybrook-Bridgetown Mail

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Print Edition

Our politicians do not live in...

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 383 words


Our politicians do not live in the real world. So long as our system of
government puts profit before people, Australia will continue to break apart,
economically, socially and politically, with high unemployment, environmental
destruction, and a growing divide between rich and poor.

Our three tier government is not workable when each level is in conflict with
the others. Australia is one continent: major infrastructure like health and
education should operate under one standard policy, country-wide, rather than
have duplication and wasted money at the state and shire levels. If the federal
government won't bring the changes we need, then they must be held accountable.
We can do better.

We can work for the common good by abandoning the fiction of trickle-down
economics and instead boosting the economy from the bottom up. If we do
something to benefit our town, that action flows upward to benefit the state and
the country.

Everything is interconnected - employment, education, health, the environment,
agriculture - each has an impact on the rest.

Money should go directly to where it is needed most: to help the disadvantaged,
and boost the economy from the bottom up.

That is how we can begin working to make Australia a great place to live for
everyone. This is where I stand, and I am happy to discuss my ideas with anyone
who is interested.

I would personally like to challenge Elysia Harverson, Mick Murray, Monique
Warnock and anyone else standing for Collie-Preston to a public debate to
discuss the issues facing our state and our electorate, so that the public can
see who all their candidates are and where they stand.

- Louie Scibilia

Independent for Collie-Preston, Lowden

---------------------------------------------

It was a pleasure to host the Minister [for Agriculture and Food, Mark Lewis] to
Donnybrook to give local farmers an opportunity to raise issues affecting them.

The minister spent three days in Collie-Preston, visiting numerous farms and
attending two agriculture forums. The issues raised were consistent at both
forums, including bio security and the future of the Boyanup saleyards. Like
myself, the minister was raised on a farm so he understands the importance of
agriculture for the future sustainability of our region.

- Elysia Harverson

Liberal for Collie-Preston

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      May 6, 1991, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

White House ignored Iraq arms network

BYLINE: Alan Friedman, Lionel Barber and Eric Reguly

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1, EXCLUSIVE

LENGTH: 2901 words

DATELINE: Washington, D.C.


Six weeks ago a Jordanian middleman received an order from Baghdad for a
sophisticated type of hot-rolled steel. According to copies of the order, the
purchaser specified dimensions of 115mm x 115mm, the kind used in the
manufacture of heavy industrial equipment. It is also the kind used in the
manufacture of long-barrelled artillery guns.

The order, placed in March 1991, came from Chaled Makhzoumi, working through the
Iraqi commercial centre in Amman, Jordan.

Traffic along the dusty road from Amman to Baghdad, one of the main conduits in
the past for the trans-shipment of arms to Iraq, is beginning to build up again.

To defence intelligence officials in Washington this suggests one thing:
President Saddam Hussein is still in the business of building up his
considerable arsenal.

According to U.S. intelligence sources and Iraqi opposition leaders, the Iraqi
leader dispatched agents across the border into Jordan - under the direction
from Baghdad of his son Uday - in search of spare parts for his remaining tanks,
machine guns and artillery, just weeks after his costly expulsion from Kuwait by
the U.S.-led coalition.

The revival of the Jordan connection, in violation of the United Nations embargo
against Iraq, is a reminder of how resourceful and determined Saddam had been in
building up hundreds of millions of dollars of Western technology and weaponry,
his aggressive use of which led the U.S. to send more than 500,000 troops to
deal with the consequences.

A retired senior U.S. diplomat with extensive experience in the Middle East says
the world ''has never seen anything as sophisticated as the Iraqi procurement
network'' - a web of front companies, purchasing agents and money-laundering
specialists who operated through more than 50 undercover outlets in Europe and
the U.S.

Their collective mission throughout the 1980s, as Iraq exploited the West's (and
in particular Washington's) fear of Islamic fundamentalism in Iran, was this: to
help Saddam build the weapons of mass destruction needed to attain his goal of
military supremacy in the Persian Gulf.

Starved of commercial credit by the middle of 1989 because of Baghdad's huge and
growing volume of unserviceable debt, the Iraqi agents' chief source of finance
was an obscure Italian-owned bank branch in Atlanta.

The parent bank's name was Banca Nazionale del Lavoro. BNL may be Italy's
biggest bank with US$100 billion (C$115 billion) of assets but the Atlanta
branch from which this extraordinary supply effort was largely funded had just
16 employees and authorization to lend no more than US$500,000 without approval
from its head office in Rome.

Between 1987 and 1989, BNL Atlanta - now the subject of criminal proceedings and
congressional investigations - made US$3 billion of Iraqi loan commitments.
These loans were kept off the
 official books and were used to supply not only legitimate exporters to Iraq
but also some of the Iraqi front companies and procurement agents that were
covertly channelling equipment ordered by Baghdad for Saddam's nuclear, chemical
and ballistic missile projects.

A joint investigation by the Financial Times, The Financial Post and ABC
News/Nightline has uncovered fresh evidence showing that the Bush
administration's indulgent attitude towards Iraq in effect allowed the arms
network to operate almost unhindered.

The investigation has also discovered that, on the financial front, the Bush
administration treated Iraq with remarkable leniency, brushing aside evidence of
abuse by U.S. companies and by Baghdad of government-guaranteed Iraqi farm
credits.

Among the abuses were ''kickbacks'' or ''extras'' such as the supply of armored
vehicles to Iraqi officials supplementing the legitimate grain shipments.

The first warnings about the Iraqi loan program appeared in 1987 when U.S. grain
companies complained to the U.S. Department of Agriculture about Iraqi demands
for tires, air-conditioning equipment, spare parts, trucks and even cash -
so-called ''after-sales services.''

Yet in November 1989, the White House pressed successfully for approval of US$1
billion of fresh guaranteed loans requested by the Department of Agriculture's
Commodity Credit Corp.

Then, in January 1990, President George Bush declared it to be in the national
interest to allow the U.S. Export-Import Bank to guarantee further loans,
despite government studies showing that Iraq was no longer creditworthy.

There were also widespread concerns among U.S. Customs officials and Treasury,
Federal Reserve and Office of Management and Budget officials that some of the
U.S. government loans ostensibly for agricultural commodities were, in fact,
diverted by Iraq's Ministry of Industry and Military Industrialization for the
purchase of military goods.


In the light of Saddam's increasingly brutal and unpredictable behavior and the
subsequent invasion of Kuwait, the administration's actions raise questions
about its judgment and the advice it was receiving.

Some of the answers to these questions may lie in a key White House meeting held
Nov. 8, 1989, under the aegis of the National Advisory Council, a
sub-cabinet-level group that reviews government-guaranteed foreign loans that
raise political issues.

The meeting was called to resolve an inter-agency dispute over an Agriculture
Department proposal to offer US$1 billion of fresh Commodity Credit Corp. Iraqi
loan guarantees. As one senior official admitted this week, there were ''enough
yellow flags (signals of foul play) to make us worry about BNL.''

Several features of the meeting were unusual. A number of agencies were
represented at a high level. It was also attended by a White House
representative, which underscored the high political stakes involved. The
meeting's minutes were deemed sensitive enough to be classified, the first time
this has occurred since the late 1970s, according to a U.S. government lawyer. A
month earlier, a Federal Reserve official had told a previous NAC meeting that
Iraq's use of the CCC program amounted to a ''Ponzi scheme'' - meaning that Iraq
would default on its CCC loans unless it continued to receive ever-larger CCC
allocations. The Fed official also said that Iraq was ''probably not
creditworthy.''

'WE KNEW IT WAS STINKING'

One participant at the White House meeting recalled that the BNL Atlanta scam
was uppermost in the minds of several officials. ''We had a lot on BNL. We knew
the thing was stinking. I think we all understood this was not a happy
situation,'' he said.

Another participant said he tabled numerous concerns about the abuse of the CCC
program, Iraq's creditworthiness and the BNL affair.

According to a number of documents, including reports from the meeting, and
interviews with a number of officials, the meeting was told by John Robson,
deputy Treasury secretary, that it was important to ensure that the final
decision on the US$1-billion guarantee would ''pass the sniff test for hostile
congressional committees and press.''

Robert Kimmitt, under-secretary of state, followed up by declaring that Iraq was
''very important to U.S. interests in the Middle East;'' it was ''influential in
the peace process'' and was ''a key to maintaining stability in the region,
offering great trade opportunities for U.S. companies.''

Kimmitt added that abruptly terminating the US$1 billion in guarantees for Iraq
was ''contrary to the president's intentions'' and would most likely further
damage U.S.-Iraqi relations.

This assessment seemed all the more curious since just a few weeks before that
meeting, the State Department had told the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, the
regulatory bank probing the BNL affair, that, far from being a ''rogue
operation,'' BNL Atlanta was in effect part of official Iraqi policy.

According to a September 1989 Italian intelligence report to Prime Minister
Giulio Andreotti and the findings of U.S. investigators, unauthorized BNL funds
were being used to finance Iraq's Condor II missile project - despite efforts by
the U.S., Britain and five other countries to halt the spread of missile
technology in the developing world.

All this was serious enough to warrant Secretary of State James Baker raising
the matter with a senior Iraqi official, believed to be Tariq Aziz, Iraq's
foreign minister, at their meeting in Washington Oct. 6, 1989, - the Bush
administration's first high-level meeting with Iraq.

At the NAC meeting a month later, Kimmitt nevertheless came out in favor of
continuing the CCC program as a political tool for influencing Iraqi behavior -
and he had the backing of the Department of Agriculture, which appeared to be
pursuing its own narrower interests.

NO REASON TO DELAY

Seven days before the meeting, a senior Agriculture Department official wrote a
letter to the Treasury in which he dismissed allegations about the BNL affair
and said the charges ''lead us to conclude that there is not sufficient reason
to delay a program for Iraq any longer.''

Kimmitt's intervention appeared decisive, since Robson summed up that foreign
policy and trade considerations overrode ''concerns raised by the BNL scandal.''

There were other disturbing signs about the extent of knowledge in the
administration and the banking system about BNL's activities: BNL Atlanta
regularly had US$700 million to US$1 billion outstanding in short-term credits
at the J.P. Morgan bank, a large amount for a small bank even considering the
fact that its parent in Rome was a triple-A rated bank. Most of BNL's funds
after 1987 were channelled through Morgan Guaranty Trust in New York.

The New York Federal Reserve was later to raise questions with J.P. Morgan about
the ease with which the funds transfer took place. In August 1989, Gerald
Corrigan, president of the New York Fed, told Lewis Preston, then chairman of
Morgan Guaranty, that the operation involved amounts of money that started at
''fairly modest levels'' and over a fairly lengthy period built up to ''a pretty
damn good size.''

Corrigan noted that the unusual flow of funds through BNL Atlanta stretched back
for more than two years and expressed surprise that the flow had occurred with
such ease - given the sums involved and the single destination.

Both Morgan and the New York Fed declined to be interviewed about the Morgan
link. Morgan has maintained that the sheer volume of funds in its clearing
system in the U.S. makes it difficult to detect anything suspicious about
BNL-type transfers. Morgan clears US$250 billion a day.

The FBI-led raid on BNL's Atlanta branch took place Aug. 4, 1989 - but the
Federal Reserve inspectors had already compiled a detailed picture of hundreds
of millions of dollars of hidden off-book money-market transactions in which BNL
Atlanta used brokers to borrow interbank funds from big Wall Street and
international banks.


These included National Westminster, Mitsui Trust and Banque Nationale de Paris.
Records show that these were some of the funds BNL Atlanta then passed to
Baghdad by way of Morgan in New York. Between 1987 and 1989, several thousand
telexes criss-crossed between Atlanta and the Iraqi central bank, the state
-owned Rafidain Bank, Iraq's Ministry of Industry and Military Industrialization
and other official Iraqi agencies.

Congressional investigators and U.S. officials maintain that the National
Security Agency, the U.S. code-breaking and surveillance service that can track
telex traffic and money flows, ought to have picked up the tell-tale sums of
money.

Norm Bailey, a White House aide at the time who started a follow-the-money
computer program that used NSA intercepts, says it is inconceivable that the BNL
Atlanta-Baghdad telex traffic was not made available to the administration.

''The only explanation I can think of is that the authorities knew all about it
and approved it,'' he claimed in an interview. ''They were using this as a
channel for the financing of certain activities.''

This is a serious allegation that raises questions about whether the
administration sanctioned the bank transfers in pursuit of a foreign policy
goal. However, both federal regulatory authorities and U.S. officials deny
knowledge of what was going on in Atlanta.


Whatever the case, the funds proved crucial to Saddam's war effort for a while.

''BNL,'' says Achmed Chalabi, a prominent Jordanian banker and Iraqi opposition
adviser, ''became Iraq's surrogate lender of last resort.''

Many BNL-backed U.S. companies were supplying equipment, such as electronics,
special metals, chemicals and machinery, which could be defended as destined for
civil rather than military projects. The same was true of BNL-funded British,
French and German companies, all of which were crowding into the Iraqi market.

It is true that the Soviet Union was by far the largest supplier to the Iraqi
military, but what was significant about the Western shipments was that they
involved high technology and other materials that Baghdad required to accelerate
its unconventional weapons and missile programs.

In Britain, the best-known member of the Iraqi network was Matrix Churchill, a
loss-making Coventry machine tools maker whose fortunes were revived through BNL
finance. Matrix (which was later bought by Automation Investments) regularly
shipped equipment to Iraq; its Ohio sister, Matrix Churchill Inc., was recently
seized by U.S. Customs and held up as an example of an Iraqi front company
engaged in illicit military procurement activities.

It was only after the end of the gulf war in February that Richard Thornburgh,
U.S. attorney-general, announced the indictments of BNL Atlanta employees and
four top Iraqi government officials on charges of money laundering, fraud and
conspiracy.

Two lone Democratic congressmen - Henry Gonzalez, a stubborn, unpredictable
Texan who heads the House Banking committee, and Charlie Rose, a North Carolina
specialist in peanuts, tobacco and Tibetan human rights - have grappled with its
complexities.

CHALLENGED BUSH'S CLAIM

They alone have challenged the Bush administration's adamant claim that it was
unaware of what was going on inside the BNL Atlanta branch.

Yet even if one assumes that BNL's activities were carried out without the
knowledge of the U.S. government, questions remain about the White House's
persistent flirtation with Saddam at the time.

''Iraq was a natural ally of moderate Arab states; it was allied with Egypt; it
was being constructive in the Middle East peace process,'' says Peter Rodman,
who served in the Reagan and Bush administrations as a senior National Security
Council official. ''The fact that Saddam was a murderous thug did not change
this.''


The Iran-Contra scandal, which paralyzed the Reagan administration for most of
1987, had two big results: official overtures to Iran, whether public or
private, became taboo; this pushed Washington further toward favoring Baghdad.

Even after the unauthorized BNL credit pipeline was exposed and shut off, Bush
signed the January 1990 order allowing Eximbank to offer fresh guarantees on
Iraqi loans. Intended or not, the Eximbank decision helped to plug part of the
gap left by the absence of BNL money.

But it all appeared to make little impression on Saddam. Bush was rewarded with
a searing burst of anti-Americanism by the Iraqi leader in front of the Arab
Co-operation Council Feb. 22, 1990.

At that same meeting, Saddam issued an ominous warning in front of President
Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, King Hussein of Jordan and President Ali Abdullah Saleh
of Yemen. The Iraqi leader wanted US$30 billion he had been lent by Saudi Arabia
and Kuwait during the war with Iran to be written off and a further US$30
billion put on the table. According to officials present, the Iraqi leader
astonished his colleagues by saying he would ''know how to go and get the
money'' if it was not forthcoming.

On March 28 a ''sting'' operation by British customs ended with the seizure of a
number of U.S.-made electronic ''Krytrons'' which could have been used as
detonators for nuclear weapons. Again, a BNL-funded company - Euromac - played a
role in the nuclear trigger case. Days later - on April 2 - Saddam threatened to
''scorch'' Israel with chemical weapons.

Yet the U.S. administration's accommodation of Iraq continued into the following
months. In April, May and June 1990, three high-level inter-agency group
meetings at the White House rejected the idea of introducing economic sanctions
against Baghdad.

As late as last July, just one week before the invasion, U.S. officials both in
Washington and in Baghdad were still seeking to find ways of persuading him to
play the moderate role he had long since discarded.

This culminated in the now infamous meeting between April Glaspie, then U.S.
ambassador to Baghdad, and Saddam in which the American diplomat failed,
according to congressional critics, to warn the Iraqi leader in sufficiently
strong terms to keep his hands off Kuwait.


Glaspie has served as a convenient scapegoat for the Bush administration. But a
fairer interpretation of events would place that meeting in the broader context
of U.S. dealings with Iraq - a pattern that suggests either misguided indulgence
or a calculated effort to bolster Saddam.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Robert Kimmitt

Photo: Gerald Corrigan

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Independent, Winnsboro, S.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday

SLED Opens Probe into Troubled Water Company

BYLINE: Jill Cincotta, The Herald Independent, Winnsboro, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 598 words


Nov. 09--The South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED) has confirmed they
have launched an investigation into the Jenkinsville Water Company.

"We are conducting an investigation on the Jenkinsville Water Company," said
SLED Spokesperson Kathryn Richardson on Monday.

A source with information about the investigation said SLED was at the
Jenkinsville Water Company Office in Jenkinsville on Friday and left with a
large quantity of documents. Richardson would neither confirm nor deny the visit
to the company's office.

Gregrey Ginyard, president of the Jenkinsville Water Company Board, maintained
ignorance of any investigation.

"I'm not aware of a SLED investigation," Ginyard said at Monday night's water
board meeting. "I haven't been notified of a SLED investigation."

In early March of this year, The Jenkinsville Water Company Board heard from
their external auditor, V.R. McConnell, CPA of Columbia. McConnell gave a report
on the 2009 audit, finding that in addition to other discrepancies, he found
that an amount totaling $48,284 on the company's statement of activities was
required in order to get the financial statements to balance, and an amount
totaling $48,925 was required to get the statement of cash flows to balance.

At the time, then board member Mike Shugart called for an internal
investigation.

"I think we need to involve SLED or the U.S. Department of Agriculture to come
in here and do a forensic audit," Shugart said at the board's March 2 meeting.
"We have some pretty big problems here. We had to plug in $48,000 to make our
books balance. This is the only way to get to the bottom of everything."

The Company's 2009 audit received a Qualified Opinion report, which is issued
when the auditor encounters situations that do not comply with generally
accepted accounting principles. McConnell reported that the company had no bank
reconciliations, the general ledger was maintained on a cash basis, the
company's billing system would not compute for all accounts, a copy of the 501
(c)(3) IRS determination letter was not on file, supporting invoice
documentation for contracting firm CBG were not on file, Tax form 941 were not
filed when required, there was a lack of documentation of accounting policies
and procedures and the approved budget was not in the QuickBooks System as
required.

A week later, Ginyard tried to dispel allegations of impropriety about himself
and the water company.

"The audit said $48,000 didn't get in to the next year," Ginyard said,
addressing the 2009 audit findings. "Sure, we had bookkeeping issues, but nobody
is stealing any money. Greg Ginyard does not put one finger on the money. Greg
Ginyard touches zero dollars of Jenkinsville Water Company. All of your
allegations. I don't get paid for this. Investigate for yourself. Take a look
for yourself. Things can get twisted because of who somebody likes or doesn't
like."

Over a month ago, The Herald Independent requested a copy of the water company's
2010 external audit under the S.C. Freedom of Information Act. The water
company, which is publicly funded, did not comply with the request. The 2010
audit was again performed by V.R. McConnell, dated Dec. 2010 and presented to
the Jenkinsville Water Company on June 15, 2011.

The 2010 audit has now been obtained by The Herald Independent through a source
outside the company, and a preliminary study shows approximately $32,000 in
missing company funds.

___ (c)2011 The Herald Independent (Winnsboro, S.C.) Visit The Herald
Independent (Winnsboro, S.C.) at www.heraldindependent.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111109-1WN-SLED-Opens-Probe-into-Troubled-Water-Company-1109-20111109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WN


                                 Copyright 2011


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              June 2, 2013 Sunday

It takes a unicorn to clean up St. Johns River

BYLINE: Ron Littlepage

SECTION: Ron Littlepage; Pg. E-5

LENGTH: 507 words


Last Thursday morning, we were at the scene of a crime.

It was there in the St. Johns River near Tocoi that an algal bloom covered 10
square miles of the river from bank to bank at the end of April.

It's no question who the perpetrators were. Look in the mirror. The guilt falls
on those of us who depend on farmers for food, who count on utilities and septic
tanks to remove our waste, who pour fertilizers on our lawns to keep them green.

Onboard the St. Johns River Water Management District boat this day were, among
others, Herschel Vinyard, secretary of the state Department of Environmental
Protection; Greg Strong, director of the DEP's northeast district; Richard
Budell, director of agricultural water policy for the state agriculture agency,
and Hans Tanzler III, the management district's executive director.

A strong wind whipped the river's surface, hiding the algae likely lurking
beneath the boat.

The conversation centered on crime prevention.

Strong pointed out that since limits were set in 2008 for the amount of
nutrients allowed in the river's lower basin, 600,000 pounds have been removed
yearly, 90 percent of the goal set for the total maximum daily loads.

Those reductions resulted from things such as improved treatment of wastewater,
septic tank phaseouts, storm water treatment and efforts by various industries.

With that in mind, Vinyard said, the massive algal bloom in April was "a little
surprising."

To hopefully prevent another bloom and to meet the full goal for nutrient
reduction, Vinyard used a football analogy: "We are in the red zone; let's punch
it in."

As a step toward that, Vinyard said $7.5 million would be put into efforts to
remove nitrogen and phosphorous that eventually flows into the St. Johns from
agricultural runoff in Putnam, Flagler and St. Johns counties.

That's good news in that it comes on top of the $7 million for the river the
Legislature included in the budget for the next fiscal year.

Of the new money, $3.5 million will be used on an advanced treatment facility
modeled after ones the agriculture department's Budell said are being used
successfully around Lake Okeechobee.

Budell said those facilities have been able to remove between 89 and 94 percent
of the phosphorous and 60 percent of the nitrogen from farm runoff.

The rest of the $7.5 million will be used to encourage farmers to employ more
efficient irrigation and fertilization systems.

Just as important as the new money is the fact that DEP, the department of
agriculture and the water management district are working together.

That's not the case in many states.

"It's a bit of a unicorn in that respect," Budell said.

I recall a unicorn of a similar nature when the city of Jacksonville worked with
the state and national park systems in an uncommon cooperative effort that
secured our wonderful preservation properties.

It's a proven model and one these agencies say they will continue in order to
improve the river's health.

As in dealing with any crime, prevention is the key.

ron.littlepage@jacksonville.com: (904) 359-4284

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       March 2, 2000, Thursday Edition 1

Brussels wants £13m back

SECTION: FARMING JOURNAL, Pg. 34

LENGTH: 221 words


   Britain was yesterday ordered to repay Brussels £13m in misspent European
Union grants for farmers.

The European Commission cited weak administrative controls and inadequate
checking on the way the subsidies were used.

The demand is part of a total of £16m the Commission is clawing back from member
states because of "weak control procedures or non-respect of EU rules".

EU governments are responsible for paying out and controlling virtually all of
the billions of pounds a year which flow from the European budget to support the
Common Agricultural Policy.

But Brussels has the right to recover sums which are paid out without sufficient
guarantees about the distribution of the money.

Agriculture Commissioner Franz Fischler insisted yesterday that the Commission
was not acting like a "police force".

He went on: "But as this decision shows, the Commission will not hesitate to
penalise those who fail to fulfil their responsibility, in particular if this
failure jeopardises the proper use of EU taxpayers' money."

In Britain's case the cash the Commission has ordered should be repaid relates
to a lack of controls on the use of export subsidies paid to farmers, inadequate
farm inspections, weak administrative controls and, in particular, inadequate
administrative controls in Wales.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

Salim Raza launches two new schemes to boost credit flow for SME, agri. sectors

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 77

LENGTH: 976  words


Syed Salim Raza, Governor State Bank of Pakistan today launched two separate
schemes aimed at enhancing the flow of credit to the Small and Rural Enterprises
with greater emphasis on revitalization of business activities in the troubled
areas of North West Frontier Province (NWFP), Federally Administered Tribal Area
(FATA) & Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).  The new schemes are: Credit Guarantee Scheme
for Small and Rural Enterprises and Refinance Scheme for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and
GB.  While unveiling the details of Credit Guarantee Scheme at a ceremony held
at SBP Learning Resource Centre, Karachi this morning, Mr. Raza said under the
scheme, launched under the Financial Inclusion Programme (FIP) of SBP, the banks
will provide short and medium term loans of up to three years for both working
capital and medium-term capital needs of up to a maximum of Rs 5.0 million at
the mark-up rate of KIBOR (3 Months) + 300bps.  State Bank will share bona fide
losses of lending banks to the extent of 60% of financing to their eligible
borrowers, he said and added that half of the resources under the scheme have
been allocated for NWFP, FATA & Gilgit-Baltistan; whereas the other half will be
used for priority clusters/areas of other parts of the country.

He said that the major objective of the scheme is to enhance the flow of credit
to those Small and Rural Enterprises which are creditworthy but cannot offer
adequate collateral to satisfy the normal requirements of banks.  Due to banks'
perception about such customers being more risky, the State Bank will share
banks' losses on their lending under the scheme, he said and added that the
scheme, apart from sharing credit risk of banks, will also contribute in
lowering the transaction costs.

SBP Governor said that the initial seed money for the scheme is GBP 8.0 million,
under the FIP funded by the UK 's Department for International Development
(DFID), with the option of later being bolstered up through further allocation
of funds from other sources including the Federal Government and
international/bilateral agencies.

Mr. Raza said the State Bank will allocate Credit Guarantee Limits (CGLs) to
each of the selected participating financial institutions (PFIs) on quarterly
basis. For the component of scheme reserved for NWFP, FATA & GB, all banks would
be considered as PFIs while for other component few banks in good financial
condition and having considerable share/expertise in small/rural/agricultural
financing will qualify for receiving credit guarantee under the scheme, he
added.

Similarly, SBP Governor disclosed that under the Refinance Scheme the banks will
provide short term facilities for working capital requirements and long term
facilities for SMEs of NWFP, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan.  The rate of service
charges under the scheme will be linked with weighted average yields (WAY) of
relevant 6 months Treasury Bills (TBs) and Pakistan Investment Bonds (PIBs).
Currently, the end user's rate will be 8.50%, 9.20%, 9.70% and 10.25% for up-to
1, 3, 5 and 7 year financing respectively. Scheme will remain valid up-to
December 31, 2012 , he added.  He said that the banks will provide short-term
facilities to meet working capital requirements and long term facilities for
BMR/up-gradation of existing SME units or installation/setting-up of new SME
units in NWFP, GB and FATA.  Mr. Raza said that under the two schemes,
refinance/guarantee limits will be allocated to participating financial
institutions (PFIs) and hoped that banks will enthusiastically participate in
these two schemes in order to make them successful.

Talking about importance of SME and agriculture sectors, SBP Governor observed
that these Sectors are the largest sources of employment in the country.
'Within these areas lie Pakistan 's best projects for increased economic growth,
reduction in income disparities, poverty alleviation and the promotion of
innovation and entrepreneurship.

SME Sector's share in export earnings and GDP stands at 25% & 30% respectively',
he said and added that agriculture Sector employs 42% of labour force,
contribute around 22% to GDP and 60% to exports directly or indirectly.
"Importance of this sector in our rural economy may further be seen from the
fact that it provides livelihood to 66% of our population," he added.  Mr. Raza
pointed out that despite immense economic importance of these sectors, they have
not been able to avail their due share in financing from the formal sources
specially the banking sector. The recent data reflects that the share of SME
finance and agri. finance in Banks' total financing is 10% and 4.8%
respectively.

Moreover, as per latest survey, only 7% of total SMEs use formal financial
institutions for meeting their funding needs thus posing a big challenge to
banks, requiring them to enhance the level of credit to the neglected sectors of
the economy, he added.

SBP Governor said that credit disbursement situation has further aggravated for
SME and agriculture sectors of NWFP, FATA & Gilgit-Baltistan, where social and
economic infrastructure have been seriously damaged, thus, increasing manifold
risks of doing business in these areas.

"Taking cognizance of the situation, the State Bank has initiated many important
steps to improve the flow of credit to the agric. and SME sectors and provide
boost to revitalization efforts in the affected areas of the country," he
informed the participants.

"I urge banks to take the opportunity provided through these schemes to reach
out to the deprived segments of society and enthusiastically participate to make
a success story out of them', he added. The ceremony was attended, among others,
by various stakeholders including  representative from banking industry, donors
and consultative groups of SMEs, agriculture and microfinance, besides senior
officials of the State Bank.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Zimbabwean

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday

US$1.3b Dispora cash kills Zim economy?

BYLINE: New Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 1816  words


My research and that of others has found that 80% of Zimbabweans in the diaspora
send money home on monthly bases. The same studies found that the amount
remitted ranged from $100 to over $1,000. Between 2000 and 2006 Zimbabwe
received an average of $300 million remittances per year.  Since 2006 the
average revenue from remittances has increased to an estimated US$1.3 billion. A
recent report by the RBZ indicated that remittances surpassed Foreign Direct
Investment, revenue from agriculture production and donor funds from
international agencies. However, remittances have not resulted in sustained
economic development both at the national and individual levels.

I argue in this essay that remittances have failed to contribute to economic
growth in part because recipients have largely treated remittances, the money
sent by family and friends in the diaspora to families in Zimbabwe, like lottery
winnings. Simply put, the argument I make is that the low cost of receiving
hundreds of dollars instantly via western union, MoneyGram, mukuru.com or the
quick cash transfers reduces the likelihood of long-term capital investment of
remittances. Family members receiving remittances, whether regularly or
intermittently, have very little incentive to engage in investment projects
because of the constant nature of remittance cash flow.

The table above shows the average monthly remitting behavior of Zimbabweans in
South Africa, the United States and the United Kingdom between 2008 and 2013.
These personal reports of sending behavior are substantiated by data from the
World Bank, the Zimbabwean government and other agencies that track and report
on patterns of global cash flow.

According to the International Fund for Agriculture, in 2008 when the Zimbabwean
economy was at its worst the diaspora remitted nearly US$361 million and that
number doubled in 2009. By 2012 diaspora remittances made up to 40 percent of
the local GDP, reaching almost US$1.4 billion (Makina, 2012). The receipt of
remittances sustained the staggering economy allowing those who remained at home
to continue purchasing local goods and services.

Most families, urban and rural alike, depended heavily on remittance support to
purchase everyday basic commodities (Bracking & Sachikonye, 2006). Sachikonye et
al (2006) found that one in three families in both rural and urban areas were
receiving some sort of financial support from a family member in the diaspora.
Most families credit the receipt of remittances for their survival in the last
decade.

Among those in the diaspora interviewed for this study, only 5 percent said they
did not directly support anyone at home, 38 percent said they supported less
than five dependents at home and an overwhelming 56 percent support more than
five dependents. The majority of those interviewed were living with their
immediate family in the diaspora but they still had significant responsibilities
at home including paying tuition for extended family.

Understanding the profile of the Zimbabwean migrant

Remittances are the money that families living abroad send to their family
members in the home country. The UN estimates that at least one in three people,
or 30% of the global population live outside their country of birth. In
Zimbabwe, we estimate that at least 4 million of us are living abroad; the
majorities are in South Africa and the United Kingdom.

The majority of Zimbabwean emigrants are young and generally under the age of
45, 80 percent of the migrants interviewed for this project were between the
ages of 21 and 40; over 70 percent were urbanites, having emigrated from Harare
(57 percent) and Bulawayo (20 percent); 50 percent of the respondents were male;
and 60 percent were highly educated, with at least 20 percent holding a degree
beyond the first bachelor's degree. Zimbabweans in the diaspora have also
improved on their education status. While most left Zimbabwe with just a high
school degree or tertiary training, to date the majority of Zimbabweans in the
diaspora have gained a bachelor's degree or graduate professional training.

The diaspora has diverse professional experience although most work within
varieties of the health industry. Interestingly, while the majority of migrants
have gained formal employment, most continue to work two or three jobs for an
average of 80-hour work-weeks. This is consistent across different income
groups, from those earning six figure salaries to those living below poverty
line.

I interviewed a young male, with a lucrative job in the financial sector in the
United States and he had this to say about his working hours, "I leave the
office around six or eight in the evening daily, and work at least an additional
4 hours when I get home on part time jobs". I have also spoken to many others
who have the same experiences; a nurse working an additional 3 or four shifts
per week, a nanny who never takes time off and instead picks up extra work on
her off days.

The diaspora working patterns are not consistent with those of their peers who
are natives of their adopted countries. They often work almost double the
average working hours of their peers and live lifestyles that are not
representative of their earnings. The majority of Zimbabweans living abroad send
a substantial portion of their incomes to family back home.

Why do they send money back home?

Migrants send money to support family members with daily regular expenses for
food, rent, tuition and medical expenses. Indeed, the majority of those who
receive money at home report that they use remittances for everyday consumption.
There is research evidence that shows that remittances keep families out of
poverty. This is good. This is also important because over the last decade high
rates of unemployment and underemployment pushed many families into poverty.

In addition to sending money for everyday expenses, migrants also report that
they remit money specifically for business initiatives. The average migrant is
interested in not only keeping their families out of poverty but also providing
them with investment capital for entrepreneurial projects. It is my belief that
if remittances were not treated like lottery funds and thus abused, the
Zimbabwean economic situation would be greatly improved by capital investments
from the diaspora.

There are many anecdotes of family members who remit money for housing building
projects only to return home and learn that a house was never built. In fact,
many people would receive fake pictures of building projects and continue
remitting money to their immediate or extended families in Zimbabwe under the
belief that should they return home they would have property investments. Nearly
every migrant I have spoken to over the years for this research project or
others has shared a story of sending money home to support a relative who wanted
to start a business only to be disappointed when the project does not
materialize.

In the absence of formal employment, the majority of Zimbabweans have created
jobs for themselves in the informal market. An interesting observation is that
individuals who start successful businesses are less likely to have received
funding or support from family members living abroad. I interviewed a woman who
started a small poultry project with less than $300 and that has over the years
grown substantially such that she now supplies multiple grocery stores with
chicken. The interesting fact about this woman is that she borrowed her start-up
capital from a neighbour whose daughter is living in the UK and remits an
average of $300 a month to her mother.

Why couldn't the mother whose daughter is abroad start her own poultry project?
Part of the reason is that she doesn't have to. For as long as her daughter in
the United Kingdom continues to constantly send remittances, the receiving
mother has very little incentive to engage in an income generating project. It
is pure rational human behaviour. Rational actors are unlikely to invest energy
if they can get the same economic benefits without engaging in labor-intensive
work.

The story of this mother is not unique. It is not uncommon to find that
households with a family member in the diaspora will depend solely on income
from remittances for all their economic needs. In some households, even those
with working-age adults, it is also common to find that no one in the household
is employed or seeking employment. It is a fact that formal unemployment rate is
over 90% in Zimbabwe and therefore formal employment is difficult to come by.

However, from numerous interviews with parents supporting adult children in
Zimbabwe we observing a new trend wherein members of remittance-receiving
households are less likely to look for employment or work in the informal
sector. As a result, remittances become purely for consumption even in cases
when remittances have been earmarked for investment projects.

If this trend continues, remittances are unlikely to lead to substantial
economic growth in Zimbabwe. The abuse of remittances will have long-term
negative effects on economic growth in Zimbabwe. We are already observing that
most recent high-school graduates whose parents are living and working abroad
are not interested in working or furthering their studies. This is a national
problem for Zimbabwe because while revenues from the diaspora have increased and
the government has put in place strategies to capture remittances income,
remittance flow could also start to decline.

As the global economy continues to shrink, migrants are usually the first groups
to lose their jobs. This is particularly true for millions of Zimbabweans in
South Africa who are working low-wage manual jobs. If the economic situation in
South Africa does not improve millions of Zimbabwe will be pushed back into
poverty because many families depend on remittances.

Migrants in South Africa are already finding it difficult to support themselves
and remit money to their families back home. The same is true for migrants in
the United Kingdom and the United States. Constant changes in immigration laws
in those countries combined with the global economic crisis are already
negatively impacting the remitting behavior of migrants.

A note about the Author

Dr. Chipo Dendere is a Professor of Political Science, she teaches courses on
Comparative Politics, African Politics, Democratization and methodology. She was
born and raised in Zimbabwe and received her early and high school education at
Waddilove High School in Marondera.

She pursued her undergraduate and doctoral studies in the United States. Her
research interests are democratisation in Africa and Migration. You can contact
her via email at chipo.dendere@gmail.com

The post US$1.3b Dispora cash kills Zim economy? appeared first on The
Zimbabwean.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/390/1286/80/146030536468.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/390/1286/3/146030536589.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1286


                         Copyright 2016 The Zimbabwean
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                February 8, 2015

The Lowdown: tips for SMEs

SECTION: SMALL BUSINESS

LENGTH: 783 words


A new Financial Reporting Standard introduced on January 1 will have a direct
impact on Irish SMEs.

FRS 102 The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in Britain and Ireland
replaces all existing GAAP accounting standards in Ireland and Britain for
accounting periods commencing on or after January 1, 2015.

The move marks a transition to an international framework for financial
reporting intended to be cost-effective and proportionate to the needs of SMEs.
Features include:

-- A substantial reduction in disclosure requirements

-- Simplified recognition and measurement rules

-- The elimination of irrelevant topics, such as earnings per share and options
that are not cost beneficial

-- A one-document format that is easy to read and apply.

**Agriculture**

Prior to the introduction of FRS 102, there was no specific accounting standard
for Ireland's agriculture sector.

The new standard has introduced a section specifically for agriculture, which
defines agricultural activity, produce and biological assets, and provides
options on the accounting policy to be used when dealing with these activities.

It will be necessary for those in this sector to get to grips with the new
standard and to make an informed decision as to which accounting policy is most
appropriate to their particular entity.

**Exporters**

FRS 102 also features a new concept of functional currency which, if your
company's main activities are outside the eurozone, may mean that your
functional currency   is not the euro.

You are now required to identify your company's functional currency, based on
the currency of the primary economic environment in which your company operates.

**Fixed assets**

Do you have fixed assets, such as property, plant or equipment? In the past,
their value would have depreciated over their useful life.

For example, a large piece of machinery, expected to last for 20 years, would
fall in value over the course of those 20 years.

Now, if the major components of this piece of machinery have a shorter life
expectancy (that is to say, five years after which they have to be replaced)
their depreciation over their useful life must be dealt with separately.

This will require additional analysis of your fixed assets and the
identification of any major components that need to be treated in this way.

**Statement of cash flow**

Prior to this, if you met the requirements for the small company exemption, you
were not required to present a cash flow statement in your financial statements.
Its inclusion is now mandatory.

The format of the cash flow statement has also changed, and it is now reconciled
to cash and cash equivalents, as opposed to cash only.

**Holiday pay**

If you have employees, you are required to make provision for holiday pay and to
recognise the cost when employees render the service that increases their
entitlement.

In many entities, this cost would not have been accrued for in the past. Now,
you will be required to ensure that your HR records are linked with your
accounting records, so that this cost can be identified and measured.

**Government grants**

Those companies fortunate enough to be in receipt of government grants now have
an option as to how they recognise such grants in their financial statements,
using either the long-established accrual model or the new performance model.

Any company in receipt of these grants should consider the details of the two
options and choose which is more appropriate for them.

**Treatment of leases**

The new reporting standard has also brought about changes to the treatment of
leases.

They are still divided into finance and operating leases, but there has been a
change to how lease incentives are treated.

Under existing accounting standards, if you were to take out a five-year lease
on a premises and the landlord offered you a six month rent-free incentive, you
would account for that benefit in the accounts of the first year in which the
lease was signed. Now, the six months rent-free benefit must be spread over the
five years of the lease.

On foot of these few examples, there may be a change to your declared profit at
the year's end. Recognising this, the Revenue included provisions in the most
recent Finance Act for transitional tax arrangements to ensure that no amounts
are double-counted for tax purposes and also that nothing falls out of the tax
charge.

Deductible or taxable amounts incurred as a result of the transition will be
allocated on a time basis over five years.

All SMEs need to fully understand and be prepared to implement FRS 102. While it
will require considerable focus now, in the long term it should save you money.

*Cormac Fitzgerald is president of Certified Public Accountants Ireland, see
cpaireland.ie*

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          September 22, 2012 Saturday

Farm sector in developing economies: Miles to go

LENGTH: 1561 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Sept. 22 -- B K Mukhopadhyay in the first of a two-part article on
the state of farm sector in developing countries

Despite the fact that the farm front scenario has been changing, the reality
leaves much to be desired. Not only in India, backlog has been there globally.
High and volatile commodity prices and their implications for food insecurity
remain clearly among the most important issues facing governments today. A very
recent report [Agricultural Outlook 2011-12] jointly released by the Food and
Agriculture Organisation (FAO) and the Organisation of Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) has expressed the hope that global commodity prices would
fall in 2011-12 from the high level registered in 2010-11. Accordingly, 'a good
harvest this year will be critical in bringing more stability to commodity
markets'. It may be recapitulated on this score that commodity prices rose
sharply in August 2010 as crop production shortfalls in key producing regions
and low stocks reduced available supplies and resurging economic growth in
developing and emerging economies underpinned demand. Clearly, restoring
balances may take some time and until stocks can be rebuilt, risks of further
upside price volatility remains high.

What the latest statistics reveal? Some 57 per cent of the developing world's
rural population lives in lower middle-income countries, and 15 per cent lives
in the least-developed countries. Even though historical trends show that
agriculture's share diminishes over time and the share of population in rural
areas declines, there will still be more poor people in rural areas than in
cities for at least a generation. The fact remains that though most successful
developing countries have not relied on agriculture for export expansion and
growth, yet growth in agriculture has a disproportionate effect on poverty
because more than half of the populations in developing countries reside in
rural areas and poverty is much higher in rural areas than in urban areas.

So far economies like India are concerned, is it not a fact that the gains from
green revolution has been slowly fading away? Judging by the ongoing facts and
circumstances, population growth is not going to retard especially in the
developing block, while food grains output would not be able to register
commensurate growth - such a situation needs immediate tackling.

And here lies the biggest challenge - farm development. It is clear that the
developing nation's GDP (gross domestic product) has been mainly hinging upon
the industrial sector backed by the services sector. It would have been more
attractive and at the same time immensely useful had there been equal growth in
the farm sector. That was not there. Problems galore in spite of the fact that
the plan allocations have been stepped up and a number of measures have been
taken by both - at the centre and at the state levels.

So the "sense of urgency" has to be taken with all degree of seriousness. A
number of examples could be cited which could prove effective optional
utilisation of resources had not been there. Pulses output in India hovers
around 16 to 18 million tonnes right from the 60's, it being the top supplier of
protein to non-vegetarians. World market has been tremendous for agri-products.
But till now India's share has not been able to capture even 1.0 per cent. Even
Bangladesh, Venezuela, have emerged meaningfully to be tough competitors in
mango market.

A number of developing countries are still largely dependent upon imports of
cooking oils; India has still less wheat and rice per capita than in the 80's.
Vast favourable agro-climatic conditions could have given good returns by now
for commodities like grapes, guava, pineapple, etc.

There has been a significant rise in the quantum of farm credit in the last
decade in particular. The need is, thus, there to formulate a credit policy
especially for the small and marginal farmers.

It is a fact that credit flow to the farm sector has been witnessing steady rise
over time. Banks have considerable exposure to priority sector lending and more
particularly in various sectors of agricultural lending. Banks have adopted a
general strategy to accelerate agriculture advance covering five segments of
agriculture advance: (1) Short-term production credit/working capital loan for
crop production through credit card; (2) Medium-term and long-term investment
credit for various activities like minor irrigation, farm mechanisation, land
development, horticulture and plantation, animal husbandry, agri-clinics, rural
go down, land purchase, etc.; (3) Relatively large advances for commercial
agriculture and allied activities, cold storages, agro processing, agri-exports,
agri inputs supplies, companies and corporations in public and private sector on
agriculture related activities, like irrigation corporation, milk plants, seed
companies, etc.; (4) Increased loans to weaker sections and women by way of
microfinance through Self-Help groups (SHG) linkage and to selected
micro-finance institutions (MFI) etc.

Banks also give thrust on certain areas to augment agriculture lending. The
areas are: Issuance of various cards other than credit cards for meeting needs
of all categories of farmers under simplified lending procedure for faster
growth in agriculture lending; farmers indebted to informal sector are being
brought into the fold of a specially designed product to redeem their dues from
informal source; financing for meeting agricultural credit needs of relatively
well off farmers.

Though priority sector target is very much there, in economies like India to
direct 18 per cent of net credit flow to this sector, yet the expectations are
higher and thus the formulation of a credit policy exclusively for the small and
marginal farmers could go a long way in channelising the resources in a planned
and directed manner. It is good that the private sector banks are also coming
forward. In the recent years the banks have been focusing on rural credit and
their collaboration with micro-finance groups has attracted attention. Banks
have also been exploring the possibilities to further extend works with the
co-operative societies so as to expedite flow of credit in the rural sector as
till date banks are not allowed to work directly with the co-operative societies
for lending to this sector.

There is no doubt that lending is still skewed in favour of a few industrial
houses. Naturally the clarion call is there to increase the lending speed to the
farm sector. Banks are to focus on the bottom of the pyramid by giving loans to
tenant-farmers, small and medium enterprises and extending micro-credits in
villages. It has rightly been observed that for the public sector banks (PSB),
private banks, foreign banks, regional rural banks (RRB) and Co-operatives farm
lending would be the key area in the days to come.

Over urbanisation dominates the scene and increasing trend in the matter of
incidence of urban poverty galore resulting in further depreciation of healthy
living in metro-cities. Rural savings generated continue to be used for urban
development and migration of fund continues if the current trends are of any
indication in as much as the top 100 centres which account for 65 per cent of
deposits are able to grab 73 per cent of credit so far as banking business
indicators are concerned and thus furthering the incidence of regional
imbalance. Truly, institutional finance alone could not change the scenario in
the very absence of other infrastructure and allied supports. Simply asking the
banks to double credit flow and utilisation in next three years is not enough.
The roots must be taken into account.

In fact, agriculture sector does not require money flow alone; more important is
to have the infrastructure development at the earliest. Dependence on rain god
adds to the woes; and then floods and droughts becoming an annual ritual.
Productivity gets a blow in the absence of quality seeds and other inputs
supplies and a slow modernisation process. Ways and means must be found to come
out of this.

Consistent decline in the share of private- sector investment in the agriculture
sector is a matter of concern. This trend needs to be reversed through creation
of a favourable policy environment and availability of credit at reasonable
rates on time for the private sector to invest in agriculture.

That is why the crucial requirement is there to beef up coordination among
different sections involved in the process of farm sector's development. There
is no short cut formula on this score and it is to be especially seen by all
concerned that repayment culture is not distorted. Recycling of farm still poses
the biggest menace. Huge provision for loan waiver cannot and should not be the
escape route though politically attractive. Assets generation over space and
time is badly required at this juncture. Practical support to the farmers stay
at the top if ultimately a changed picture is aimed at, especially when
potentiality galore.

Dr B K Mukhopadhyay, a Management Economist, is associated with Guahati
University, Guwahati, Assam, India m.bibhas@gmail.com Published by HT
Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     November 23, 1998 Monday Final Edition

Farmers seek Ottawa bailout

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Kevin Carmichael

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


A long-awaited version of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol could be played out
on Parliament Hill this week, perhaps as early as tomorrow.

Call this one A Farm Crisis Carol.

Thousands of farmers crippled by a commodity market collapse say they could be
forced off their land without immediate financial help.

Farm income is down almost 25 per cent across the country, about 50 per cent in
Manitoba and more than 70 per cent in Saskatchewan.

The markets aren't expected to improve until 2000.

Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief has a tough role to play. Not only are his
cabinet colleagues averse to spending money, but many are more tuned into the
ebbs and flows of Bay Street than the growing season since only three per cent
of Canadians make a living off the land.

The men and women of the $70-billion agriculture and agri-food industry are
expected to lose $170 million next year -- the first negative income figure
since the Great Depression.

Vanclief called a rush meeting this month with provinces and farm leaders. He
promised to take a relief plan to cabinet before the end of November. A
spokesman said Friday the presentation hasn't been made.

So if Vanclief is to keep his promise, he has to make the pitch at tomorrow's
cabinet meeting.

Farm groups have asked for an immediate, permanent relief initiative that would
cover up to 70 per cent of average incomes every time cash flows dip below a
certain point.

It could cost $500 million this year, almost nothing in good years.

Many Liberals are optimistic something will get done, but it's not likely to
happen without a lot of persuasion.

Canadian farmers aren't alone in their struggle. Their main competitors in
Europe and the United States are subject to the same market.

But the European Union subsidizes its farmers on an ongoing basis, and the
United States recently passed a $6-billion bailout plan.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1998 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           August 29, 2007 Wednesday

Sweet deal with Mexico allows sugar flow for ethanol producers

BYLINE: Alan Guebert;aguebert@worldnet.att.net

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 906 words


<k20f"BodoniStd">In the down-is-up world of American biofuels, success carries
enormous costs.

The latest evidence of these costs is an amendment tucked into the House version
of the 2007 Farm Bill: As Mexican granular sugar flows into the U.S. in 2008,
the U.S. Department of Agriculture will oversee a supply-balancing program where
the extra sugar can be purchased, at government-subsidized prices, by American
ethanol makers.

Sweet, eh?

Moreover, if you think American corn growers are angered by seeing part of their
fast-growing ethanol market legislatively handed to imported sugar, think again.
Ethanol, after all, is the rabbit hole that swallowed logic and economics long
ago.

When passed in 1993, the North American Free Trade Agreement gave the U.S. a
15-year reprieve from unrestricted, low-cost Mexican sugar exports. The Mexicans
hated the delay, but it was a key compromise cut by both Presidents Bush (I) and
Clinton to get NAFTA through Congress.

During the resulting moratorium, however, U.S. high fructose corn syrup - made
from taxpayer-subsidized, cheap American corn - poured into Mexico to replace
that nation's granular sugar in much of its soft drink industry.

Now, 15 years later, the piper must be paid.

Or, as Phillip Brasher of the Des Moines Register noted in his late-July story
on the Mexican sugar dance: "Yes, high fructose corn syrup will be sent to
Mexico to displace the sugar that will then be shipped to the United States.
Taxpayers can then pay for buying surplus sugar and converting it to ethanol."

The U.S. sugar industry doesn't explain the swap so starkly. To it, the House
plan is an extension of current sugar import policy - a tangle of mandated,
USDA-administrated quotas, tariffs and loans - that protects American producers
from a tidal wave of vastly cheaper imports.

In short, the fact that we have a domestic sugar price support program (as do
most nations) leads us to need another program to handle the 2008-and-thereafter
unrestricted Mexican imports.

"If this provision were not in place," explains Phillip Hayes of the American
Sugar Alliance, "there could be very costly, massive domestic (USDA loan)
forfeitures by U.S. sugar producers."

But avoiding those potential forfeitures by directing subsidized sugar to
ethanol makers won't be cheap either.

Although the Congressional Budget Office doesn't break out the exact cost of
"Feedstock Flexibility Program"-the official name of the sugar idea - it
estimates the House Ag Committee's 2007 "bioenergy program... would increase
that program's direct spending by ... $3.1 billion over the 2008-2017 period."

All of this is too much for Dr. Thomas Elam of FarmEcon.com, a food industry
consulting firm in Carmel, Ind. Recently, Elam wrote a commentary that called
today's subsidy-dripping biofuel policies self-defeating.

"(G)rain-based U.S. fuel ethanol production," wrote Elam, "is using an
increasing amount of our global food supply, increasing the global costs of food
production and contributing almost nothing to U.S. or global net energy
supplies."

"In effect," he continued, "by linking food and energy costs through grain-based
ethanol, we have ransomed our food costs as well as our energy costs to the
interests of global crude oil producers."

A believer in "free trade and free markets," Elam, in an Aug. 21 telephone
interview, characterized the sugar-to-ethanol idea as "insane."

But, he adds with a hint of sarcasm, "I've been waiting for ethanol makers to
ask for more subsidies because of the high price of corn due to their ethanol
making."

Not surprisingly, Elam's commentary, a variation of which is posted at
http://farmecon.com, has not been received well by the ethanol-fueled ag lobby.
"In fact, you're the first person to call me about it," he notes.

Welcome to a really small club, Doc.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist who writes weekly for The Pantagraph. He
lives in Delavan. His e-mail address is Aguebert@worldnet.att.net

, a food industry consulting firm in Carmel, Ind. Recently, Elam wrote a
commentary that called today's subsidy-dripping biofuel policies self-defeating.

"(G)rain-based U.S. fuel ethanol production," wrote Elam, "is using an
increasing amount of our global food supply, increasing the global costs of food
production and contributing almost nothing to U.S. or global net energy
supplies."

"In effect," he continued, "by linking food and energy costs through grain-based
ethanol, we have ransomed our food costs as well as our energy costs to the
interests of global crude oil producers."

A believer in "free trade and free markets," Elam, in an Aug. 21 telephone
interview, characterized the sugar-to-ethanol idea as "insane."

But, he adds with a hint of sarcasm, "I've been waiting for ethanol makers to
ask for more subsidies because of the high price of corn due to their ethanol
making."

Not surprisingly, Elam's commentary, a variation of which is posted at
http://farmecon.com, has not been received well by the ethanol-fueled ag lobby.
"In fact, you're the first person to call me about it," he notes.

Welcome to a really small club, Doc.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist who writes weekly for The Pantagraph. He
lives in Delavan. His e-mail address is Aguebert@worldnet.att.net

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Pantagraph


                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 26, 1990, Monday, Final Edition

The Bay Reaps What Farmers Sow;
Controlling Pollution From Agriculture Is Critical to Restoring the Chesapeake

BYLINE: D'Vera Cohn, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE E1

LENGTH: 1850 words

DATELINE: OXFORD, Pa.


The fate of the Chesapeake Bay rests uncertainly in the hands of farmers like
Martin Greenleaf, of Lancaster County, an area that makes more cash from its
crops than any other in the Northeast in part because of the heavy use of
pesticides and fertilizer.

The bay has no shoreline in this county that borders Maryland about 100 miles
northeast of Washington. But the small, nameless creek on Greenleaf's land and
the ground water beneath his farm flow to the Susquehanna River, then the
Chesapeake, linked as the human body's arteries and veins are connected to its
heart.

Although development is seen as the biggest threat to the region's richest
natural resource, much also depends on whether farmers like Greenleaf can be
persuaded to use less chemical fertilizer, apply fewer pesticides and prevent
their soil and animal manure from running into creeks and rivers that often are
far from the bay.

Greenleaf is doing his part; many others are not. He has spent $ 15,000, and
thousands more in government cost-sharing money, in attempts to reduce pollution
coming from his 1,000 acres.

He planted strips of grass to filter fertilizer and pesticide runoff during
rainstorms, contoured the soil of his corn and soybean fields to reduce erosion
and installed a fence across a stream to keep his cattle from trampling the bank
into mud and leaving manure behind to wash downstream.

"I live near a stream that does empty into the bay," Greenleaf said. "There's a
good possibility that fertilizer runoff from here could end up in the bay."

Whether the Chesapeake Bay becomes a polluted waterway or recovers its health no
longer depends so much as it once did on controlling the chemicals dumped by
factories or the sewage spewed by cities and towns. Regulation of industry and
sewage treatment plant discharges has tightened -- although not enough, critics
say -- since a 1983 federal report on the bay's problems galvanized the current
cleanup effort.

Agriculture is the bay's largest source of runoff pollution that has not been
brought under control, environmental officials say, and for that reason it is
getting new attention from regulators and environmentalists.

Agricultural fertilizer and manure put thousands of pounds of nitrogen and
phosphorus into the bay, helping fuel explosive growth of algae that chokes the
growth of fish and underwater plants, according to many studies. Topsoil fills
streams that are spawning grounds for delicate bay species. Agricultural
pesticides have been found in well water and, to a lesser degree, in the bay.

Farm pollution, combined with urban contamination such as auto exhaust and lawn
fertilizer runoff, natural forces such as heavy rains that carry more pollution,
and excessive fishing, have depleted the bay's population of rockfish, oysters,
shad, plants, ducks, bald eagles and other winged and water life. Its waters,
once said to be so clear that the bottom was visible at a dozen feet, now are
murky or strewn with trash.

With help from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Agriculture
Department, Maryland, Virginia and Pennsylvania have spent nearly $ 60 million
since 1988 for education, research and subsidies to farmers who implement
runoff-reducing practices.

For the most part, state programs have been grafted onto federal efforts to curb
soil erosion. But a growing number of bay experts say those steps drive
pollution into ground water used for drinking supplies. Real gains, they say,
will come only when farmers, who already are reducing fertilizer use, cut back
even more and treat manure as a potential pollutant rather than a farm
commodity.

Charles Spooner, head of the EPA's Chesapeake Bay office in Annapolis, said if
he had his way, fertilizer would be treated like a prescription drug, its use
strictly limited and only by official permission.

Farmers in Virginia's dairy-rich Shenandoah County have enough animal manure to
fertilize their crops if they wanted to use it, but are among the state's top
buyers of chemical fertilizer, state officials say. According to Pennsylvania
officials, farmers in the state spend $ 90 million a year on fertilizer they do
not need.

Nowhere in the 64,000- square-mile area of waters that drain to the bay is the
drive to reduce agricultural pollution more crucial than in Pennsylvania. Half
the fresh water that flows to the Chesapeake comes from the Susquehanna River,
which accounts for a fifth of the phosphorus and 40 percent of the nitrogen
going to the bay. Most of that comes from farm runoff, federal studies show.

For farmers, the recent emphasis on environmental goals, which often require
taking fragile land out of production, is an abrupt switch from their
traditional practice of wringing the highest possible yield from each acre.
Greenleaf said many realize "if we pollute the water here, we're the ones who
have to drink it," but said some of his neighbors let animal manure pile up in
their barns, where it can leak into streams 25 feet away.

Most farmers contend they get more blame than they should and that cities get
off too lightly. They point out that they do not control the prices they charge,
and cannot raise them to pay for environmentally sound practices that would help
cleanse the bay.

"Soviet agriculture is an example of what happens when you regulate," one farmer
told a regional conference on farm runoff programs in Williamsburg earlier this
year. "We cannot impose on the American farmer the type of regulation that a lot
of people would like to see unless it's across the board, across the world."

"It doesn't make us money to be conservation-minded," said Greenleaf, 43, whose
ancestors settled the county in colonial times. "You have to want to do it, or
have the government force you to do it."

Participation in voluntary farm anti-pollution programs has been rising, but
overall is less than officials had hoped. Lancaster County has signed up only
250 farms out of 5,000, typifying the problems of the voluntary effort. One
result of a voluntary program, officials say, is that the worst polluters are
not necessarily the ones who sign up.

"Up until now, it's largely been a matter of who walks in the door," said Paul
Swartz, soil and water conservation director for Pennsylvania's Department of
Environmental Resources.

Maryland farm anti-pollution program officials have sent surplus money back to
the state treasury in three of the past four years, including $ 1.5 million in
1989, because they could not enroll enough farmers, even with the state paying
87.5 percent of the tab for conservation practices.

Maryland officials blame recent droughts for leaving farmers short of cash. The
most expensive measures, such as manure storage bins, can cost more than $
50,000.

State officials resist requirements, saying farmers cooperate better with
voluntary programs. They question the feasibility of policing thousands of
farms. Few are eager to take on the farm lobby, which opposes requirements.

Agriculture groups say farmers will do the right thing if given financial help
and technical assistance. They say requirements would apply a cookie-cutter
solution to a diverse problem, and would deprive farmers of use of their land
without compensation.

"Most farmers' retirement funds are tied up in that land," said Spottswood
Taliaferro, a Virginia farmer and Farm Bureau spokesman on conservation issues.
"When they lose the ability to develop that land, you've taken away their
retirement."

Some mandates already are in place: Farmers in Maryland's Critical Areas
bordering waterways, and some in Virginia's Tidewater counties, will be required
to prepare plans to prevent soil erosion, although critics wonder how strict
enforcement will be. Recent federal farm bills impose tighter rules for those
who sign up for Department of Agriculture subsidies, although their target is
soil erosion, not nitrogen and phosphorus runoff.

Beyond the issue of whether a voluntary program will do the job, some question
whether farm programs aim at the correct target.

Recent research on demonstration farms in Virginia and Pennsylvania found that
techniques designed to reduce soil erosion -- such as contour plowing -- did
decrease runoff into surface water. But it produced an unwelcome side effect: an
increase in the nitrogen level in ground water, the underground network of
springs and aquifers that supplies drinking water for millions of people.

High nitrate levels in drinking water can cause health problems, including "blue
baby" syndrome, a potentially fatal oxygen-depriving disorder in infants. And
because ground water also flows to the bay, scientists question whether steps
taken to reduce surface water contamination to the Chesapeake may substitute one
pollution pathway for another.

The EPA's Spooner said that research is so persuasive his agency is considering
halting its financing of traditional soil-erosion practices, and concentrating
instead on efforts to reduce use of fertilizer and careless disposal of manure.

Those fertilizer and manure programs, known as nutrient management, are in their
infancy. Only Virginia has a fully operating program to police manure disposal
on large farms, and it does not require smaller facilities to comply. Maryland
and Pennsylvania have just begun to implement similar efforts.

There are even fewer controls on agricultural use of chemical fertilizer.
Pennsylvania requires farmers to write a plan to reduce their use of fertilizer
to receive state money for other runoff-reducing practices, but "that has
basically translated into our having fewer customers," Swartz said.

"There are farmers who are putting on fertilizer like their father always did,"
said Gerald Heistand, an anti-pollution program official in Lancaster County.
His office has only three staff members to advise thousands of farmers, "and the
fertilizer people outnumber us," he said.

The stakes in success or failure are big. Reducing farm runoff is a cornerstone
of the bay states' promise to cut nitrogen and phosphorus pollution 40 percent
by 2000. Failure could put pressure on developed areas to pay for additional
sewage treatment plant improvements, one reason urban and suburban officials are
pushing for tougher farm anti-pollution programs.

State officials claim impressive gains in farm programs aimed at cleaning the
bay: a 7 percent reduction in nitrogen and phosphorus over the past three years,
equaling 23.6 million pounds a year of nitrogen and 4.6 million pounds of
phosphorus.

Even so, the bay jurisdictions said in a recent progress report that projections
indicate "further expansion will be needed to meet the 40 percent year 2000
goal."

Whether the goals for the bay will be met depends in large part on whether
farmers will do their part. And that is likely to depend, in turn, on taxpayers'
continued willingness to take care of the bill.

"As long as the government is paying 75 percent, I don't think anybody can
quibble with the need to do it," farmer Greenleaf said. "I foresee a day when we
will have to do these things."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: CHESAPEAKE BAY, Part 2 of 2

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, HOW FARMS HARM THE BAY (DATA FROM ILLUSTRATION WAS
UNAVAILABLE). PETER HOEY; PHOTO, JACK HUBLEY FOR TWP

TYPE: SERIES, MARYLAND NEWS, VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                August 10, 2009

Loans still available in Mississippi for agribusiness

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 804  words


While the agribusiness sector is facing many challenges, the availability of
credit is not one of them. Rather, the concern is whether producers can remain
creditworthy in a very difficult environment. This has both lenders and
producers nervous.

"(Credit availability) has not really been an issue," said David Waide,
president of the Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation since 1996. "Our members
have access to a number of sources, and generally our members' balance sheets
are strong. "

Waide cited several of these lending sources, which include the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's (USDA's) Farmers Home Administration and the Farm Credit
System.

Numbers from the Austin, Texas-based Tenth Farm Credit District, which
encompasses Mississippi, bear out Waide. It reported steady loan volume during
the first quarter of 2009, the latest numbers available at press time. As of
March 31, 2009, the district's gross loan volume totaled $16.5 billion, down 0.6
percent from Dec. 31, 2008, but up more than 5 percent compared to the first
quarter of 2008.

Not all the numbers were positive, and the effect of the recession is evident in
the district's problem loans. High-risk asset volume increased $107.9 million,
or 30.6 percent, during the quarter. Impaired loans, consisting of non-accrual
loans, formally restructured loans and accrual loans past due 90 days or more,
constituted 2.7 percent of gross loans as of March 31, 2009, compared to 2.1
percent at Dec. 31, 2008.

Still, Larry Doyle, district CEO, said the problem loan up tick was anticipated,
and the portfolio was looking healthy considering the current climate.

So, the money is there. The question is, can producers take advantage of it? The
climate can change quickly in agriculture - literally and figuratively. What was
shaping up to be a better year for producers has turned into another potential
disaster.

Andy Prosser, director of marketing and public relations at the Mississippi
Department of Agriculture and Commerce, said this year's weather has caused
problems for producers. An extremely hot, dry summer was broken by a week of
steady, sometimes torrential rain in late July. Prosser said this is going to
negatively impact yields.

However, it was the wet spring this year that could prove fateful for some
producers. The deadline for farmers to buy crop insurance on many spring planted
crops, including corn and soybeans, was March 16. This was especially important
this year as eligibility for federal crop disaster aid is now dependent on
holding crop insurance. Many producers were forced to plant after the deadline.
Of concern, too, is that March 16 was also the deadline for changes in any
existing crop insurance policies.

Once committed to plant a certain crop, producers had little leeway, Waide said.

Waide is perhaps more concerned about current climate-change legislation that
has already passed the House. Waide said the legislation could drive up some
input costs 20 percent or more.

Sen. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) is also concerned. Late last month, he joined a
number of his peers in the Senate asking for more information from the USDA on
the bill's impact on agriculture production.

Waide said he had recently sent a letter to Cochran backing his position.

Gibson Eatherly, senior vice president at the Bank of Yazoo, said the
cap-and-trade bill is just the latest in a number of serious challenges for
producers. Eatherly, who heads up the bank's agribusiness lending, said the Bank
of Yazoo currently has approximately $7.5 million in agriculture loans, a number
that has fallen over the past decade.

He said of late, it is harder and harder to get a fix on producers' cash flow.

"I used to be able to nail their cash flow within $1,000," Eatherly said. "It's
been much more difficult to calculate lately. "

He said he is making crop loans later and later, this year not wrapping up his
final loan until June due to uncertainties in the market and the Farm Bill.

The last couple of years, chemical companies offered attractive terms for
chemical, seed and fertilizer, which took pressure off the bank. Then, seed
companies came in, offering loans with interest rates as low as 2 percent, a
rate far more attractive to what he could offer. However, those loans have dried
up, bringing agribusiness concerns back to the bank.

Eatherly said he has always been conservative when lending. He said his approach
forced some producers to revamp their business model, and he chose not to loan
to a few of the most inefficient clients.

So, he is left with a pool of efficient producers - survivors - who are
struggling. Eatherly tries to get out and visit with producers each week. He
said it is depressing to see good producers standing in a field of terrible
looking crops.

"It's a very tough year," Eatherly said. "Producers are striving just to break
even. "

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             April 12, 2013 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

ELECTRIC GRID GETS FUNDING

BYLINE: Walter C. Jones Morris News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Georgia's electric grid got a $90 million shot in the arm this week when the
federal government released loans to the Georgia Transmission Corp.

The new, low-interest loan money goes to cover infrastructure improvements made
last year, including 331 miles of new line, six new substations and $3 million
specifically designated as "smart grid projects."

"You get the money when the assets are up and running," said Tom Parker, the
corporation's vice president for external affairs.

Government and industry have sought to install what's called smart-grid
technology designed to automate processes that used to require linemen to
operate manually. For instance, the corporation installed electronic switches
and fault indicators so that technicians monitoring the lines in Tucker can
reroute the flow of electricity around trouble spots in remote parts of the
state without customers losing power.

"Our part of the smart grid is really focused on reliability and safety and
keeping the lights on," Parker said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture issued the loans as part of the federal
program for electric membership cooperatives such as the 38 EMCs that jointly
own Georgia Transmission.

"As part of President Obama's plan to address infrastructure improvements, we
will continue to fund projects that improve electric reliability in rural
areas," said U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Cash Crops With Dividends

BYLINE: By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1225 words


His boots were caked with mud when Thomas S. T. Gimbel, a longtime hedge fund
executive, slipped in a strawberry patch. It was the plumpness of a strawberry
that had distracted him.

Mr. Gimbel, who once headed the hedge fund division of Credit Suisse, now spends
more time discussing crop yields than stock or bond yields.

He is the man on the ground for a group of investors -- including New York's
biggest real estate dynasty, two Florida sugar barons and the founder of a
multibillion-dollar investment firm -- who have been buying up farms across the
United States through a real estate investment trust called the American
Farmland Company.

Hedge funds are not new to farmland. For nearly a decade they have scoured the
corners of the globe for cheap land as food prices have soared, positioning
themselves to profit from the growing demand. Hedge funds now have $14 billion
invested in farmland, according to the data provider Preqin.

But in the latest twist, a small but growing group of sophisticated investors
and bankers are combining crops and the soil they grow in into an asset class
that ordinary investors can buy a piece of.

Farmland Partners and the Gladstone Land Corporation, two real estate investment
trusts that also own and lease farmland, are already trading on the Nasdaq stock
exchange.

For now, American Farmland is a private company, and its founder, D. Dixon
Boardman, is pitching the vision to Wall Street. Corn, cotton, lemons, walnuts,
avocados: If it grows in the ground and has an attractive income stream, he is
peddling it.

''It's like gold, but better, because there is this cash flow,'' Mr. Boardman
said. The income stream comes from the rent farmers pay American Farmland and
also often includes a share of the revenue from the crops. The company buys
farms with permanent crops like almonds and avocados and row crops like cotton
and corn.

Down the line, if American Farmland follows the same path as Farmland Partners
and Gladstone Land and lists on a public exchange, Mr. Boardman will have
another audience to pitch his vision to: ordinary investors.

American Farmland has spent $131 million on 16 farms and more than 11,000 acres
of tillable land -- the equivalent of 13 Central Parks. It's a small start, but
Mr. Boardman, Mr. Gimbel and their partners have large ambitions.

They are competing with investors that have huge war chests. Alaska's state
pension fund, for example, had $485.9 million invested in farmland in 2013. The
world's biggest asset manager, BlackRock, has $180 million of its clients' money
in an agricultural fund, according to Preqin.

The latest wave of interest was generated by the 2008 financial crisis. As
global food prices soared and opportunities to buy land abounded, investors like
BlackRock, Whitebox Advisors, Ospraie Management and George Soros's hedge fund,
Soros Fund Management, offered their clients ways to invest in the heartland.
Investors were wary of the exotic sliced-and-diced securities that had
contributed to the crisis, and farmland seemed more tangible.

''It was a major inflection point,'' said Philippe de Lapérouse, managing
director for the agriculture consulting firm HighQuest Partners. ''At that time,
investors were looking at farmland as an attractive asset to hold.''

Many individual investors were soon presented with a different challenge:
Farmland can be difficult to sell quickly. Some hedge funds stopped offering
agriculture investments. But the flow of money from some of the country's
largest pension funds has remained steady.

Wall Street's foray into farmland may present its own challenges. Shares in
Farmland Partners and Gladstone Land have been volatile, indicating investor
uncertainty. ''It's a question of whether it is really in the long term
something that's going to appeal to investors,'' Mr. de Lapérouse said.

Mr. Boardman and his partners -- among them Harrison T. LeFrak, of the LeFrak
real estate empire in New York; Alfonso and Pepe Fanjul, the Cuban-American
owners of a sugar conglomerate; and William von Mueffling, the founder of
Cantillon Asset Management -- think it will.

Mr. Gimbel said, ''It's unlike any other asset class.''

American Farmland teamed up with Prudential's agricultural investment arm,
Capital Agricultural Property Services, which runs a farm management and real
estate brokerage business. The unit provides loans to farmers and manages
farmland, giving American Farmland access to information in an often opaque real
estate market.

''I was not about to put on my Wellington boots with my pinstriped suit,'' Mr.
Boardman said.

American Farmland and other Wall Street firms could soon crowd the heartland.

''I probably have a call from an interested party once a day, someone who has
never invested in farmland,'' said T. Marc Schober, a partner at Colvin &
Company, which connects buyers and sellers of farmland.

Todd H. Kuethe, an assistant professor of land economics at the University of
Illinois, said that at agriculture conferences, which were once the domain of
farmers and industry insiders, a majority of participants are now institutional
investors, venture capitalists and hedge fund managers.

''The share of bank and financial representatives who really want to know what
is going on is now surpassing farmers,'' Mr. Kuethe said. ''I think there are
more folks sitting around with money to buy than there is farmland.''

The few metrics that exist have helped lure many. National net farm income,
considered a bellwether, is forecast to hit a record high of $130.5 billion for
2013, according to the Economic Research Service of the Department of
Agriculture. The figure for 2014 is expected to soften to about $95.8 billion.

The value of farmland in the United States has appreciated on average by 8.4
percent over the last year and 4.7 percent annually since 1990, according to an
index from the National Council of Real Estate Investment Fiduciaries. Taking
into consideration the income generated by crops, the total average return was
17.4 percent over the last year and 11.9 percent annually since 1990.

But not everyone thinks farmland values will continue to rise endlessly.

''You can certainly overpay for farmland, and if crop prices declined for
whatever reason -- for example because of some type of natural disaster -- there
are all sorts of reasons why, all of a sudden, the income stream does not
support the price you paid for a piece of land,'' said Jeffrey R. Havsy,
director of research for the council.

And as the financial world's interest in farmland grows, some observers have
raised concerns about the new landowners' switching to crops that pay better but
that work the soil too hard and use up precious resources like water. In
California, for example, a recent move toward nut trees has put pressure on
already constrained water resources during a severe drought.

These concerns are likely to increase as more farmland changes hands from
farmers to corporations.

But to Mr. de Lapérouse, whose HighQuest Partners started Global AgInvesting, a
series of conferences that take place in Dubai, London, New York and Singapore,
the current level of interest is just the beginning.

''Less than 1 percent of global farmland is owned by institutional investors,''
Mr. de Lapérouse said. ''So even if you quintupled that, it would be a major sea
change, but it's still only a little territory.''

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/07/21/cash-crops-with-dividends-financiers-tran
sforming-strawberries-into-securities/

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Thomas S. T. Gimbel, vice president of the American Farmland
Company, right.
Steve Fessler of Prudential Agricultural Investments, left, shows Thomas S. T.
Gimbel the harvest on a farm in Watsonville, Calif.
This strawberry field in Watsonville, Calif., is owned by the American Farmland
Company, which has acquired more than 11,000 acres of tillable land. (B1)
 Thomas S. T. Gimbel, left, and Steve Fessler among the grapevines at Kimberly
Vineyards in Soledad, Calif. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY PETER DASILVA FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES) (B5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

            November 22, 1996, Friday, DAILY: EARLY EDITION EDITION

Dormant industries lead Macedonian workers back to their roots

BYLINE: Kerin Hope Financial Times

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 809 words


Inside a railway tunnel near Macedonia's border with Bulgaria, women in neat
overalls and white rubber boots are heaving sacks of compost on to metal
shelves. In three months' time they expect to harvest a mushroom crop that has
become as important to the Osogovo forestry company as sawn timber, its main
product.

Osogovo produces about 55 tonnes of mushrooms a year in two disused tunnels
rented from Macedonian state railways. The company imports spore from France but
makes its own compost out of straw and chicken dung, which is also sold to an
increasing number of growers around the country. Among them are money-losing
mining companies that have switched to producing mushrooms in underground shafts
and galleries to provide cash flow and protect workers' jobs.

Cvetan Mitevski, Osogovo's general manager, who studied organic mushroom-growing
in the Netherlands, says: ''We're in the same situation as the mining companies.
We can't afford bank loans, but the mushrooms are a good source of cash for
keeping going.''

The precipitous decline in Macedonia's industrial output has made agriculture
more important to the economy. Workers made redundant have turned to subsistence
farming on small family plots, while larger private farmers have focused on
increasing meat and dairy production by a substantial margin in order to meet
shortages that resulted from UN sanctions against trade with Serbia, formerly
Macedonia's main supplier.

Macedonia's 177,000 private farmers produce about three-quarters of agricultural
output on fragmented holdings with an average size of only 2.8 hectares. They
grow most of Macedonia's export crops, such as tobacco, strawberries and table
grapes.

Last year, agriculture accounted for about 20% of gross social product and was
the only sector of the economy to show any growth.

Farming is expected to become more important as Macedonia completes the
transition to a market economy. Its natural advantages include fertile river
valleys where early vegetables flourish, rolling hillsides that are ideal for
vineyards and orchards, and an abundance of high pasture for raising sheep.

Neil Mozer of Voca, a U.S. aid program that provides know-how for private
farmers, says: ''Macedonia has the potential to develop niche markets in a
number of areas, because its production is of very high quality. But it will
take time because there's not much money available at present to invest in
processing or packaging.''

In federal Yugoslavia, Macedonia served as a market garden for the larger
republics to the north, sending fresh produce to the Belgrade market, fruit and
vegetables for processing in Croatia, and wine in tanker-trucks to be bottled
and exported from Slovenia. Macedonia has few canning and juicing facilities of
its own and even wine bottles and glass jars are imported from Bulgaria.

Most processing is still carried out by about 200 ''agro-kombinats'', unwieldy
state-owned conglomerates that control 30% of the farmland and produce most of
Macedonia's cereals, as well as operating poultry and pig farms.

Some agro-kombinats have diversified into hotels, transport and tourism. Next
year, however, the agro-kombinats' assets are to be split up and sold under
Macedonia's privatization program.

Processing facilities, livestock and non-agricultural assets will be offered for
sale, with preference given to bids from managers and employees.

The government is not yet prepared to put state land holdings up for sale,
partly because it faces ownership claims from Macedonians whose land was
transferred to agro-kombinats under communism. Instead, the agro-kombinats'
holdings are to be made available for cultivation on five-year leases.

So far, only a handful of processors have attracted interest from abroad, with
attention being focused on the tobacco industry. Macedonia is renowned for
producing high quality leaf, but considerable investment would be needed to
raise productivity to levels comparable with those of Greece or Turkey.

One Macedonian company that has managed to carve out a market abroad is
Povardarie, a wine producer in southern Macedonia that has already been split
off from a local agro-kombinat and was privatized early this year through a
management and employee buy-out.

Through a marketing agreement with Macedonian Drinks, a British-based importer,
Povardarie acquired the services of an international winemaker, Stephen Clarke,
who has helped to improve quality and introduce several new brands. Last year,
250,000 cases of Povardarie wine were sold in British supermarkets.

''Povardarie is at a crossroads,'' Clarke says. ''It needs new equipment to
increase the volume of controlled production and develop the British market
further, but its debts are high. At the moment it's basically working for the
bank.''


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                       Copyright 1996 Financial Post Ltd.


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               November 26, 2013

Deploying Technology to Check the Ominous Hunger Scourge

BYLINE: Crusoe Osagie

LENGTH: 1972 words


identifies information and communications technology as a potent tool to stop
the rampage of hunger in Nigeria and other countries

The Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) estimates that nearly 870 million
people of the 7.1 billion people in the world, or one in eight, are suffering
from chronic under-nourishment.

Almost all the hungry people, 852 million, live in developing countries,
representing 15 per cent of the population of developing counties, and there are
16 million people undernourished in developed countries. This is disturbing
statistics. Although Nigeria is not faced with the threat of hunger and
starvation, it is still immensely necessary to constantly seek initiatives and
promote efforts that will keep the nation's food security intact.

Nutrition Categories Speaking of food security however, there are actually two
categories of nations who are secure as far as food and nutrition availability
is concerned and it is important to delineate both groups.

There are nations who have sufficient food for their people, simply because they
have enough revenue flow to import an adequate amount of food to feed their
populace. Also, there are other countries who are defined as having food
security on the ground that they actually produce enough food locally to feed
their people yearly and in many cases have a marketable surplus, which they
export to earn foreign exchange. Nigeria, unfortunately, fits the former.

Since the methods of food provision evolved from the medieval ages, when man
simply gathered wild crops to feed himself to contemporary agriculture when man
cultivates his food instead of leaving it to chance, there have been different
approaches devised to boost food production.

In the past, farmers increased the output of their farms by simply increasing
acreage, but with population growing at exponential rate across the globe, the
need to enhance farm output through other means became an absolute necessity.
Technology immediately stood out as the sustainable way to produce enough food
to feed the teeming earth's inhabitants.

But as for the evolution of technology that can make a difference and cause
astronomical increase in food production, it has since gone beyond primary
agricultural technology such as scientific farming techniques, fertiliser
technology and tractors to the use of advanced science such as Information and
Communications Technology (ICT) and genetic engineering technology also known as
biotechnology.

While biotechnology has successfully produced crops that can survive adverse
weather conditions; acute shortage of soil nutrients and even virulent pest and
disease attacks, ICT is today turning out to be the most important science in
the advancement of agricultural productivity.

The Technical Centre for Agricultural and Rural Cooperation (CTA) recently
convened a conference on 'ict4ag - the digital springboard for inclusive
agriculture.' Held in Kigali, it brought together many innovations and
experiences on the use of ICTs to build trust and deliver targeted real time
information in agriculture development. Mobile applications (both for dumb and
smart phones) are emerging as promising options to inform smallholder producers
and provide market information and advisory services. Some very important ICT
instruments that are boosting agriculture across the world, which experts say
are largely unknown to Nigerian farmers, include platforms such as iCow, esoko,
Farmer line, and mkisan. Being the largest country in Africa in terms of
population size, such smart technologies that enhance nations' ability to feed
their teeming populace should be of invaluable importance.

Agric ICT Tools Developed with the help of the United States Department for
International Development (USAID) and other partners, iCow, an agric ICT tool,
provides dairy farmers with information and professional advice on rearing of
their animals. iCow is an Agricultural Information Service with a variety of
products available as a subscription service through a code '*285#' to help
farmers enhance productivity.

Another ICT instrument called Esoko is a technology platform and consulting
service that helps organisations profile people and manage the information flows
between them. According to experts, Esoko's focus is on agricultural value
chains with the explicit goal of improving the transparency of markets and the
operational efficiency of organisations. It was developed upon the belief that
mobile phones provide an unprecedented and disruptive opportunity to change how
markets work for both businesses and consumers.

On one hand, Esoko collects and provides content such as prices, bids and
offers, weather, and agricultural tips to which users can subscribe. On the
other, Esoko provides a powerful set of tools so that organisations can manage
their own information and content: not only pushing out alerts and advisories to
the field, but also tracking information from the field (like activities,
compliance, profiles).

Organisations can choose to keep their data private, share it, or use other
content that is publicly available from any of the other Esoko countries. Esoko
is a mobile-enabled, cloud based service. You can use it on any phone or
computer without any special hardware or software and from anywhere with an SMS
or data connection.

Esoko for Farmers Information is power in any business, and farmers are no
different. Smallholder farmers can sign up to Esoko to receive a package of
weekly advisory services. This typically consists of current market prices,
matching bids and offers, weather forecasts, and news and tips. In some
countries, advisories may also be sent by voice messages, and a live call centre
of agricultural experts can be available to complement data alerts with voice
support.

Not only can farmers negotiate better prices, choose different markets, or time
sales better, but they may also participate in outgrower schemes through Esoko
profiling and reputational history. Our goal is simply to put more money into
the hands of smallholder farmers, and try to address the information asymmetry
that exists where farmers are frequently disadvantaged price-takers, often
selling at a loss. After receiving better information, income improvements for
farmers are estimated to be between 10-30 per cent. Sometimes individual sales
to new markets can increase by 100 per cent. Esoko is not trying to remove the
important role that traders must continue to play, but believes a more
transparent system will reduce the overall time to market for goods, improve
margins for all, and create an ecosystem of facilitation and brokering.

Esoko for Business Businesses everywhere need to manage information. They need
to source market information from their suppliers and agents, and they need to
inform customers and consumers about new products, best practices and commercial
opportunities. Currently businesses are tracking people, stock levels, input
credits, field visits, market prices, commodity transfers; all on paper.

It is time consuming, prone to errors and rarely gives an owner the snapshot of
the market and business they need to react to ever changing market dynamics.
With Esoko, businesses can profile thousands of individuals, group them, and
then send important messages to them via discounted SMS. They can schedule,
repeat and track how these messages are delivered. They can target specific
individuals with personalised messages based on their occupation, location and
value chain.

So an input supplier can easily choose 'cassava farmers in northern Ghana' to
advise of pests, events, or promotions. Similarly, businesses can programme
Esoko to ask simple questions over SMS to field agents: 'Have you planted yet?',
'Have you deposited funds?', 'How much have you harvested?' Mobile handsets
provide a powerful tool for businesses to interact quickly and cheaply with
thousands. This builds relationships, saves money, and expands the scope of what
a business can operationalise.

Mkisan and Farmer-line ICT Tool Developed by the Bill and Melinda Gates
Foundation and USAID, mKisan is a mobile based agriculture advisory service
consisting of agriculture advisory from experts, agro bulletins, market info of
crop prices, weather forecast, and a farmer Helpline. Video based dissemination
of agriculture advisory and best practices will also be tested under this
project. Mobile based feedback mechanism and farmer knowledge sharing tools will
be developed. Service currently covers states of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya
Pradesh, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka.

A for Farmer line its vision is to see an Africa where Agriculture Non
Governmental Organisations (NGOs) are not a functioning force in the market. The
ICT initiative in Africa in ten years will provide paid services that allow
farmers to have the information and access they need to employ an
entrepreneurial method of farming. Input dealers and traders pay for more
efficient communication channels to farmers and farmers pay for information
packages and services.

Its mission is to increase agricultural information flow, uptake, and
accountability in the services delivered to farmers and empower agricultural
workers and actors along the value chain to collect and share information to
drive food security. Farmerline is run by a seasoned team of executives with
long histories in farming, the ICT4D industry, non-profits and early stage
startups. Operators share a deeply held belief of enabling smallholder farmers
to produce and sell more food. Together with an exceptional software development
team, the platform possesses the passion, vision and experience required to
establish a new platform that links and gives voice to smallholder farmers
across Africa. Farmers use these applications to reach out to experts or to get
market information, through SMS or voice mail. These tools and applications not
only provide information; they develop capacity, create linkages and create
inspiration to do and be more.

New Generation Farm Tools Experts have highlighted the importance of ICT tools,
disciplines and organisations (e.g.; use of web portal, telephone services, and
GPS) to deliver required information on production and marketing; and the need
for partnership with content providers and telecoms service providers for
increased efficiency, standardisation, sustainability and reliability of content
delivered.

"ICTs have great potential - through easier access, wider coverage and
simplicity - in easing the common challenges of development interventions:
meeting urgent demands for results, going to scale and sustainability. However,
ICTs on their own are nothing without an enabling environment and policy that
supports the various services. Digital literacy, transparency and good
governance are also essential," said the International Live Stock Research
Institute (ILRI).

ILRI's Fanos Mekonnen in a report titled 'Connecting the dots - roles for ICTs
in agricultural extension services' stressed that e-extension, through the use
of ICTs, is an area that needs to receive greater interest by government and
non-government organisations in developing countries.

With these tools now being rapidly deployed across Africa, especially in Burkina
Faso, Ghana, Ethiopia and others, it is important for policy makers in the
agricultural sector to be on the lookout. When policies to improve agricultural
outputs and productivity are being devised, experts must understand that the
days are gone when the primary tools of interest in farming enterprises are just
be hoes, cutlasses, tractors and ploughs. The agricultural sector in Nigeria
must wake up to the reality that just like fertilisers, agrochemical and farm
implements, ICT instruments such as phones, tablets, computers and radios may
just provide more boost to farming outcomes.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 11, 2008 Friday

County considering $20,000 gift for the conservation district

BYLINE: Sam Smith, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Apr. 11--On Thursday, the Lee County Finance Committee recommended 4-1 cutting a
one-time check for $20,000 to help bail out the Soil and Water Conservation
District, which is struggling along with other agencies to cope with a state
funding freeze.

"We are at the mercy of the state," said Kent Reed, director of the conservation
board. "We need this money just so we can keep our doors open."

The recommendation now must go before the full board.

"I think you guys provide a valuable service, and I have no problem giving you
that $20,000," Finance Committee member John Nicholson said.

The dissenting vote came from Marilyn Shippert, who said she's not opposed to
the payment, she just wants a more detailed accounting of how the money, which
most likely will come from landfill proceeds, would be spent.

Gov. Rod Blagojevich recently ordered a halt to about $40 million in grants
geared mostly toward agricultural ventures, sending state-dependent ag agencies
scrambling to secure money before the conclusion of their fiscal year at the end
of June.

The soil and water district works with farmers to encourage sustainable farming
practices, such as drainage and erosion control, visits area schools to teach
agriculture, and conducts ecological assessments before the county issues
building permits and zoning changes.

A nonfunctioning Soil and Water District could interrupt the usual flow of
development in Lee County, a problem board Chairman James Seeberg cited when
recommending the bailout.

"It's one of those things where you cut off your nose if you don't give it to
them," Seeberg said.

While the county might be able to adjust to a closed Soil and Water office,
hundreds of farmers seeking to increase yield and maintain their livelihoods
could be greatly affected.

Jim Sheaffer, a Dixon farmer and president of the Lee County Farm Bureau board,
said he lost $5,000 when the money for a waterway through his fields dried up.

"I was halfway into the project when someone from the conservation district
called and said they had pulled the funding," Sheaffer said.

Other services farmers stand to lose are free consultations on water management
and assistance on mitigating the environmental impact of toxic fertilizers.

"We get an awful lot out of them," Sheaffer said. "This is unprecedented."

The freeze on the state Department of Agriculture's grant money has many
accusing the governor of holding the ag community hostage in favor of Cook
County's needs.

A spokeswoman for the governor's budget office responded by citing a $750
million deficit through three fiscal quarters, adding that the governor had no
choice because the House of Representatives wrote a budget with more red ink
than black.

"This is the result of lawmakers having a budget with not enough money to pay
for it," Kelley Quinn said. "At this point, we're holding everything we can in
terms of grant money; it's not like we don't want to pay it."

Historically, the Lee County Board has helped pay for the local Soil and Water
office. Only within the last decade has that stream of income dried up, said
Colleen Henkel, a member of Soil and Water's board of directors.

"We're very unique in how the districts are set up," Henkel said, adding that
the Lee County chapter is only one of two in the state that receives no
assistance from its local county board.

Reach Sam Smith at (815) 284-2222 or (800) 798-4085, ext. 525.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080411-YG-County-considering-20,000-gift-for-the-conservation-district-0411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                                 Copyright 2008


                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                               February 25, 2006

Wells Fargo sues Michele Audio, says $3m in loans in default.

BYLINE: Brian Kelly

LENGTH: 551 words


Feb. 25--MASSENA -- A bank is calling in nearly $3 million in loans to Michele
Audio Corporation of America, while the company's president claims it is his
business that is due money.

Wells Fargo Bank National Association, Sioux Falls, S.D., filed suit against
Michele Audio on Friday in U.S. District Court claiming the company has
defaulted on promissory notes totaling $2,969,781.

Michele Audio president Thomas Gramuglia said he is not paying toward the loan
until he receives all of the money due him under a guaranteed U.S. Department of
Agriculture loan taken out in 2002.

Mr. Gramuglia said Michele Audio took out a loan of about $7.5 million through
USDA for the purchase of manufacturing equipment for the business, which makes
prerecorded cassette tapes and compact discs, including audio books.

He said 80 percent of the loan provided by Wells Fargo was guaranteed through
USDA, while 20 percent, or about $1.4 million, was not. He said Wells Fargo held
back the non-guaranteed amount, giving the bank a 100 percent guarantee on its
loan.

Mr. Gramuglia said that withholding the money violates USDA's requirements for
the loan and that he has been in a dispute with the bank for three years over
the undelivered money. He said he and the bank have been working on a settlement
of the dispute, including discussions Friday.

He said he was "amazed" by the timing of the lawsuit filing.

"This is exactly what happened with the United States and Japan during World War
II. They had two guys negotiating, and then they bombed Pearl Harbor," Mr.
Gramuglia said.

He said the defaulted loans are not the result of cash-flow problems for the
business, as it has substantially paid down the loans and "we have money set
aside to pay them off." He said he stopped paying toward the loans because the
money withheld "substantially hurt the company."

He said he was preparing to file his own suit against Wells Fargo in state
Supreme Court, but that the bank beat him to the punch with its federal filing.

"We're not happy that they filed this action, but the place and the timing of
the filing could not have been better for us," he said. "I think their move will
not look too good when our facts come across to the judge."

According to court documents, all of the equipment, machinery and furniture of
Michele Audio was used as collateral on the loans, as well as copyrights and
trademarks. Wells Fargo claims the property is worth less than $1.4 million,
excluding the intellectual property.

It is asking a judge to allow it to sell the property and order that Michele
Audio, Mr. Gramuglia and his ex-wife, Ginette, be personally responsible for any
difference between the amount raised through the sale of property and the amount
owed.

"This is simply the attempt of a giant corporation to turn around a little
business, one that has been in business for 33 years," Mr. Gramuglia said. "I'm
hoping common sense prevails on their part."

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net.

Copyright (c) 2006, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

TICKER SYMBOL(S): WFC

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5033623

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                       Business and Management Practices
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                               February 25, 2006

Wells Fargo sues Michele Audio, says $3m in loans in default.

BYLINE: Brian Kelly

LENGTH: 551 words


Feb. 25--MASSENA -- A bank is calling in nearly $3 million in loans to Michele
Audio Corporation of America, while the company's president claims it is his
business that is due money.

Wells Fargo Bank National Association, Sioux Falls, S.D., filed suit against
Michele Audio on Friday in U.S. District Court claiming the company has
defaulted on promissory notes totaling $2,969,781.

Michele Audio president Thomas Gramuglia said he is not paying toward the loan
until he receives all of the money due him under a guaranteed U.S. Department of
Agriculture loan taken out in 2002.

Mr. Gramuglia said Michele Audio took out a loan of about $7.5 million through
USDA for the purchase of manufacturing equipment for the business, which makes
prerecorded cassette tapes and compact discs, including audio books.

He said 80 percent of the loan provided by Wells Fargo was guaranteed through
USDA, while 20 percent, or about $1.4 million, was not. He said Wells Fargo held
back the non-guaranteed amount, giving the bank a 100 percent guarantee on its
loan.

Mr. Gramuglia said that withholding the money violates USDA's requirements for
the loan and that he has been in a dispute with the bank for three years over
the undelivered money. He said he and the bank have been working on a settlement
of the dispute, including discussions Friday.

He said he was "amazed" by the timing of the lawsuit filing.

"This is exactly what happened with the United States and Japan during World War
II. They had two guys negotiating, and then they bombed Pearl Harbor," Mr.
Gramuglia said.

He said the defaulted loans are not the result of cash-flow problems for the
business, as it has substantially paid down the loans and "we have money set
aside to pay them off." He said he stopped paying toward the loans because the
money withheld "substantially hurt the company."

He said he was preparing to file his own suit against Wells Fargo in state
Supreme Court, but that the bank beat him to the punch with its federal filing.

"We're not happy that they filed this action, but the place and the timing of
the filing could not have been better for us," he said. "I think their move will
not look too good when our facts come across to the judge."

According to court documents, all of the equipment, machinery and furniture of
Michele Audio was used as collateral on the loans, as well as copyrights and
trademarks. Wells Fargo claims the property is worth less than $1.4 million,
excluding the intellectual property.

It is asking a judge to allow it to sell the property and order that Michele
Audio, Mr. Gramuglia and his ex-wife, Ginette, be personally responsible for any
difference between the amount raised through the sale of property and the amount
owed.

"This is simply the attempt of a giant corporation to turn around a little
business, one that has been in business for 33 years," Mr. Gramuglia said. "I'm
hoping common sense prevails on their part."

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net.

Copyright (c) 2006, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

TICKER SYMBOL(S): WFC

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5033624

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Farmers hear about 'new energy economy'

BYLINE: John Stucke Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 346 words


Crops grown for automobile fuel are at the center of a new energy economy that
holds promise for creating wealth in rural America, a top U.S. Department of
Agriculture official told hundreds of people attending a clean-energy conference
in downtown Spokane Monday.

The country has reached "a tipping point," said Tom Dorr, USDA's undersecretary
for rural development.

For farmers, the challenge of the next decade will be how to retain some of the
new wealth that will be created as wind, solar, and most importantly, ethanol
and biodiesel, move from alternative to mainstream.

He likened the emergence of a "new energy economy" to radical changes in
telecommunications, mechanized agriculture and scientific advances in medicine.

The conference is a two-day extravaganza of alternative fuel discussions and
presentations that includes industry and government players throughout the
Pacific Northwest. It continues today at the Red Lion Inn at the Park.

Dorr, who likens his agency to an investment bank for farm communities, said
government is interested in helping to establish the infrastructure needed to
turn alternative fuels from great idea to economic reality. But it may
ultimately be up to private investors to make it happen.

It poses a deep challenge for small towns and farmers worried about losing this
opportunity to reinvigorate sagging economies. Traditional agriculture has been
cursed by low crop prices just as prices for diesel fuel and nitrogen-based
fertilizers are at record highs

Dorr spoke of small-town investment pools made up of money from farmers,
businesspeople, teachers and others. These funds could then loan money to
alternative fuel projects and reap the potential rewards, he said.

Keeping alternative fuel business in small towns could reverse the troubling
social trend of young people leaving for cities to pursue a livelihood.

Farmers have notoriously poor cash flow, but they do have significant capital
investments in land. Unlocking this money could spur rural economic development
before Wall Street or venture capital money is tapped.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  April 6, 1999 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

LITTLE BUNDLE OF BILLS IT COSTS ABOUT $224,000 TO RAISE A CHILD TO AGE 17;
AND THAT DOESN'T INCLUDE COLLEGE

BYLINE: MARY VANAC, Knight Ridder News Service

SECTION: GETTING AHEAD; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 1156 words


Stacey and David Sullivan are preparing for the birth of their first child.

In March the Sullivans attended their first childbirth class. The two also
visited their insurance agent to find out about increasing their life insurance
coverage. And they checked in on their builder, who is completing the house that
soon will be home to their growing family.

These and other financial steps -- often overlooked in the excitement of a
coming baby -- will help the Sullivans get ready for the costs of raising a
child.

The Department of Agriculture estimates that it costs $224,000 for the average
two-income couple, such as the Sullivans, to raise a child to age 17. And that
doesn't include college.

But there are many ways parents-to-be can keep their finances healthy as their
families grow.

For instance, the Sullivans started planning for children early, Stacey Sullivan
said. They decided to wait to have children until both had good jobs and Stacey
was out of graduate school. The couple also "saved enough money that it wasn't
going to be a concern for us," Stacey Sullivan said.

Other steps include:

* Pay off debts and start following a budget.

"They should look at their cash flow prior to the baby vs. after," said Pam
Moore of Consumer Credit Counseling Service.

For instance, cash flow would decrease if a parent quits or curtails work
outside the home to care for the baby. But cash flow would increase because that
parent probably wouldn't be driving as much, which means lower transportation
costs.

The cost of products such as diapers or services such as child care -- often the
largest ongoing cost for new parents -- also decreases cash flow.

"Your food costs will increase," Moore said. So will your housing costs, if you,
like the Sullivans, move to a larger home in anticipation of a child.

"Utility usage will increase. You're going to wash clothes a lot more," Moore
said, laughing.

These cash-flow changes often mean lifestyle changes for parents. Leisure
activities, such as eating out or going on vacation, often decrease, which means
lower costs.

Some parents cut costs by selling a second car or by replacing an expensive car
with a less-expensive, used one. Or they swap child care with other parents or
rely on a family member one or two days a week, Moore said.

* Get the right medical insurance.

It's important to find out what costs your medical insurance covers before you
get pregnant. Many health-care plans don't kick in until you work for an
employer for several months. Even after that, some plans require that you pay
upfront fees, pay a portion of delivery costs, or follow certain rules, such as
attend birthing classes.

While you're at it, ask your employer about any other baby-related benefits. By
federal law, new parents are entitled to 12 weeks of unpaid leave from their
jobs, if their employers have 50 or more workers. Medical insurance and other
benefits are maintained during the leave. And parents get the same or a similar
job when they go back to work.

Employers who insure their workers for disability also often provide some paid
leave for the mother. In this case, pregnancy is considered a disability.

* Check on employee benefits.

Another benefit might be a flexible spending account, if your employer offers
one. You save part of your wages in the accounts before federal income taxes.
Then you spend the money on child-care costs. But beware, you must use all the
money in the account by the end of the year or forfeit it.

* Review your life insurance.

"Life insurance is meant for two things -- to replace an income during a child's
growing years or to pay estate taxes at the time of death," said Kathryn M.
Kendall, a financial planner.

Term life insurance usually provides the largest death benefit at thelowest
cost. If you die during the term of the policy, your beneficiaries -- often your
child or spouse -- get a lump sum of money. If you don't die during the term,
your beneficiaries (and you) get nothing. The policy has no cash value.

Many insurance professionals suggest whole life insurance for parents because
such policies gather cash value over time, said Lisa Sparks, a life and health
division manager for State Farm Insurance Cos. That allows you to take loans
from the policy or receive the cash value by canceling the policy.

* Make a will.

Another way to secure your child's financial future is through a will. Everyone
should have one, especially parents. Parents use their wills to name a guardian
for their children and an executor for their estate.

* Be a smart consumer.

Buying used baby clothes and equipment can cut costs. But make sure equipment --
especially safety equipment, such as car seats -- meets current safety
standards. Check out used items by calling the Coxtline at (800) 638-2772 or the
Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association at (609) 231-8500.

Other money-saving tips: Clip coupons; use a baby gift registry at a retailer
such as Target or USA Baby; sign up for free stuff from department stores or
magazines; ask friends and family for hand-me-downs.

"Instead of buying baby food, some pediatricians will allow parents to make
their own baby food," Moore said.

* Shop for child care.

Start shopping for child care at least four months before your child is born,
said Nancy A. Flogge, a financial adviser with American Express Financial
Advisors in Hudson, Ohio.

"Sometimes, you'll be put on a waiting list," Flogge said. An early start also
gives you time to budget for the additional cost.

This is the time when many parents decide whether one will stay home to care for
the child. "For some parents, it's cheaper for one to stop working," Flogge
said.

* Follow up with care providers after your child's birth.

Notify your medical insurer about your child's birth and apply for a Social
Security number for your child. You can't claim the new $400 child credit
without a Social Security number.

* Start saving for college.

"A lot of times, parents will get money around this time. Start some sort of
investing for the child," Flogge said.

If you're on a tight budget, a good place to start is an Education Individual
Retirement Account, which allows you to set aside up to $500 a year after
federal income taxes. Your child will not pay taxes on the money or its future
earnings if he or she uses it for college expenses.

Custodial accounts also are popular. You can put money in the account, which has
your child's name and Social Security number. Your child's account can earn $700
of interest or dividends a year without paying income tax. The next $700 is
taxed at 15 percent. After $1,400, the income is taxed at the parents' rate.

When your child reaches age 14, different tax rules apply.

Custodial accounts can be set up so that the money in the account becomes the
child's property as late as age 21.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: START PLANNING FOR BABY
AFTER YOUR PREGNANCY
Here's a checklist to help you prepare for the financial responsibility of
raising a child:
Before your pregnancy
* Set financial priorities with your spouse: family.
* Make a budget.
* Save three to six months of expenses.
* Check your health insurance. You or your spouse may need to work several
months before you are covered for pregnancy costs.
* Check your employer benefits, such as maternity and paternity leave.
* Buy life insurance to cover lost income if you or your spouse dies, as well as
expenses, such as mortgage and college education.
During your pregnancy
* Write or update your will. Name a guardian for your child and executor for
your estate.
* Make baby-related purchases carefully. Shop for bargains. If buying
second-hand items, make sure things like car seats meet current safety
standards.
* Decide whether you or your spouse will quit or curtail work to stay home with
the child.
* Shop for a child-care provider.
After your pregnancy
* Notify your health care provider about the birth within 30 days.
* Apply for a Social Security number for your child.
* Bone up on child and child-care tax credits and deductions for next year's tax
return.
* Revisit the beneficiaries of your financial assets, such as your 401(k) plan
and insurance policies.
* Start saving for your child's college education.
Source: Mary Vanac

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE
It's not just late-night feedings and diaper changes new parents can expect, but
also a drain on their finances. They're advised to start financial planning
before the stork arrives.
[990406 GE 12C]

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              May 26, 2000 Friday

Alternative farm loans cap is removed by state

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: AUBURN


Tim Seifert of Auburn figures he saved $1,355 in interest he'll never have to
pay, thanks to a farm loan program through the Illinois treasurer's office.

Sangamon County farmers led the state in dollar participation in the Agriculture
and Alternative Agriculture Loan Program - signing up for $29.9 million -
followed by farmers in LaSalle ($24.1 million) and DeKalb ($21.4 million)
counties.

Illinois' program is one of the largest linked-deposit initiatives in the
country, available to farmers through more than 1,000 financial institutions.
Statewide, the program offered $450 million to farmers in traditional
agriculture and an additional $100 million for those in alternative agriculture.

State Treasurer Judy Baar Topinka expanded the traditional low-interest
agriculture loan program by removing the previous $100,000 cap per individual
borrower and by expanding the loans to cover new and used equipment, as well as
real es tate purchases.

An Illinois farmer is eligible for financing through the "alternative" part of
the program if it can be shown a project will create or enhance the farmer's
production of alternative agriculture, from aquaculture to grapes for wineries
and food grown hydroponically.

Under the "traditional" aspect, farmers can use the money for fertilizer, seed,
equipment, cash rent, crop insurance, real estate, livestock and soil and water
conservation.

Topinka makes the money available to lenders such as Farm Credit Services, who
then offer the loans to farmers.

"The program is designed to bolster the family farm," Topinka said Thursday. "We
started with $450 million, and it's now at $700 million because farmers are
taking advantage of it. And yes, there is money still left. We're watching this
drought situation. If there's any disaster, if the governor would declare a
disaster because of the drought, then we'll be there with loans for farmers."

Seifert figured he saved money through the program because it offers a lower
interest rate. Instead of the current 9.25 percent variable interest rate
offered by Farm Credit Services, he was able to secure a loan at 7.78 percent.

"Interest rates are very critical to farmers, and it has a tendency to be
climbing right now," said Seifert, who farms 2,400 acres. "That's makes our
inputs higher. When you get any kind of a reduction, that makes our per-acre
costs lower. I've used this program, and my father has used this program."

Seifert has used the traditional loan program but is diversifying his acreage by
growing high-oil corn and white corn.

"What we're looking at is crops that will give us premiums," he said.

Farmers interested in the loans can walk into a branch office of Farm Credit
Services and be approved almost overnight, according to Ron Frenn, president and
CEO of Farm Credit Services of Central Illinois and Farm Credit Services of
Southeastern Illinois.

"Statewide, we have $350 million out through this program; about $160 million of
that is in our district," said Frenn. "Sometimes farmers want longer terms, but
this definitely has a niche for short-term funding that's renewable for inputs."

Frenn, who said the program has been especially helpful to young farmers just
getting into the business, noted a wide diversity throughout the state in the
farm economy.

"Northern Illinois has had more rain, but for all farmers, last year, the
government assistance helped a lot, but it didn't do as much in southern
Illinois because they didn't have the yields. Cash flows did suffer considerably
downstate. That, coupled with low hog prices, made things tough," he said.

"There are pockets in the state that do need all the help and assistance they
can get."

Most farmers are confident the federal government will again provide some of
that help this year because it's an election year.

"The biggest fear is, will it be there next year," said Frenn.

Farmers need to look at diversifying their operations, he added.

"We're 85 percent corn and soybeans," said Frenn. "Even as ag lenders, that's a
risk."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Fund flows worsen grain price upsets

BYLINE: LYNDAL READING

SECTION: CROPS; Pg. 89

LENGTH: 340 words


MONEY managers are playing a big role in the peaks and troughs of the
international grain market, according to marketing expert Ron Storey.

The managing director of Australian Crop Forecasters will be speaking in
Ballarat today and Corowa next Thursday at Grains Research and Development
Corporation farmer updates.

Mr Storey said there was now a recognition of the role that ``macro factors''
played in the volatility of the grain price.

``There's more to it than just weather-induced dynamics,'' Mr Storey said.

He said fund managers moving funds in and out of agriculture commodities made
the price swings more rapid and pronounced.

``The money managers think they should invest in agriculture, then they think
they should go into US dollars or something else,'' Mr Storey said.

``They do behave in herds and they do move large amounts of money. There's a lot
of funds available to them.''

He said the underlying effect was the market being driven by more than just
seasonal factors.

Mr Storey said farmers' selling patterns had changed during the past few years
alongside deregulation of the market.

``It used to be that farmers delivered into pools and sold their grain at
harvest,'' he said.

``Now it's warehoused either on the farm or in the bulk handling system and
progressively sold.''

He said that, as a result, farmers were exposed to market volatility on a daily
basis, whereas before deregulation the major marketers would have dealt with the
volatility.

Mr Storey said many farmers were turning to marketing advisers to help with
managing the price fluctuations.

He said farmers would reassess during the coming year whether storing grain on
farm would be a wise investment.

``Storing on farm increases the quality risk and farmers are carrying all the
risk. But if it was in the bulk-handling system then the bulk handlers would
carry the risk,'' Mr Storey said.

He said farmers with grain in the bulk-handling system were better placed to
profit on a sudden price upswing than those with grain on farm. ``The
transaction can be instant.''

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday

Horse Pond Dam project is on again

BYLINE: Bradford L. Miner

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 255 words

DATELINE: NORTH BROOKFIELD


NORTH BROOKFIELD - The on-again, off-again Horse Pond Dam reconstruction project
is on again, with promised federal funding and a spring construction start
likely.

The project had been on track for completion by year's end but was moved to the
back burner when the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development program
ran out of money this year.

Water Department Superintendent Stephen Jones said the new commitment of
$248,000 in grant money and $992,000 in a low-interest loan will allow bid
packages to go out in January and construction to begin in the spring.

Daniel R. Beaudette, Rural Development community program director, said the town
had requested a loan of $316,000 and a grant of $924,000.

Mr. Beaudette said a "continuing resolution" allocation allowed Rural
Development to offer the town money to put the project back on track.

The initial contract, which would have tapped federal stimulus money, is no
longer available and the contract will be rewritten to remove provisions
specific to that program.

Horse Pond Dam holds back the town's sole surface drinking water supply and has
been labeled a high-hazard dam by the state Office of Dam Safety.

The town is under a consent order from the Department of Conservation and
Recreation to rebuild the spillway, replace a rusted shut low-level drain valve,
remove vegetation from the dam and stabilize the downstream slope with rip-rap.

ART: PHOTOS

PHOTOG: T&G Staff/MARK C. IDE

CUTLINE: Water flows over the Horse Pond Dam in 2008. The state has declared it
highly dangerous.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NORTH BROOKFIELD - The on-again, off-again Horse Pond Dam
reconstruction project is on again, with promised federal funding and a spring
construction start likely.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Record (Greensboro, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

N.C. A&T will celebrate law that created land grant colleges

BYLINE: John Newsom, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 830 words


March 18--At its annual Founders Day celebration Thursday, N.C. A&T will give a
nod to the Morrill Act of 1890, a piece of congressional legislation that turns
125 years old this year.

The Morrill Act is responsible for creating about 70 universities and making
higher education in the United States more democratic. These land-grant colleges
are among the nation's biggest and best-known schools, and they engineered many
of the agricultural and industrial advances that built this nation.

"Higher education in the United States began way before the Morrill Act," said
M. Ray McKinnie, an associate dean in A&T's School of Agriculture and
Environmental Sciences and the university's in-house expert on the Morrill Act.
"But higher ed was private, more for the socially elite classes. ...

"(Congressman Justin Smith) Morrill saw a need for public education. He wanted
an open-door education so the sons of toil could have an opportunity at a
practical education that every-day people could receive."

1. There were actually two Morrill acts -- and the first was vetoed.

U.S. Rep. Justin Smith Morrill, a Republican congressman from Vermont,
introduced a land-grant college bill in 1857 that would let each state establish
a college that would specialize in agriculture and mechanical arts -- subjects
like carpentry, mechanical drawing and machine-shop trades. The bill squeaked
through Congress despite opposition from Southern states, but President James
Buchanan vetoed it.

After the Southern states seceded, the Morrill Act sailed through Congress, and
President Abraham Lincoln signed it in to law in 1862.

Because there was a war on, the first Morrill Act also required land-grant
schools to teach military tactics. That's why today's land-grant universities
often have an agriculture school, an engineering college and a Reserve Officers'
Training Corps program.

The Morrill Act proved so popular that Congress passed a second one in 1890,
aimed at the reconstructed Southern states. (More on that later.)

2. Land-grant colleges weren't necessarily built on the land granted.

To pay for the colleges, the Morrill Act gave each state 30,000 acres of federal
land -- hence the name land grant -- for each member of a state's congressional
delegation. The states could put the new college on the federal land or sell it.

"One thing you could not do -- you could not build buildings," McKinnie said
about the money. "You could use the money to hire faculty, to get the
universities up and running. That's been an issue over the years. People
complained that there wasn't ever enough money."

3. The first land-grant colleges were in the North.

The first Morrill Act barred rebellious Southern states from accepting federal
money. Morrill Act money didn't flow to Southern states until after the Civil
War.

Universities established under the first Morrill Act include The Ohio State
University, Michigan State University and The Pennsylvania State University.
Most land-grant colleges are public. A handful, including Cornell University in
New York and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, are private.

4. The second Morrill Act created today's historically black public
universities.

Congress passed the second Morrill Act in 1890 to further support land-grant
colleges. But Congress embedded a stick in that carrot: Land-grant colleges had
to admit black students, or states had to establish schools for African
Americans.

The act didn't affect Northern land-grant universities, which already had
accepted a few black students.

Southern and border states, from Delaware to Texas, took the separate-but-equal
route and opened what are now called 1890 land-grant universities. These
schools, now numbering 19, include Florida A&M, Delaware State, Virginia State
and South Carolina State.

One of them was N.C. A&T, which opened in 1891 in Raleigh as an annex of the
private Shaw University. The trustees of the school then known as the
Agricultural and Mechanical College for the Colored Race voted a year later to
move the campus to Greensboro, which had dangled 14 acres and $11,000. The
college opened at its current site in Greensboro in 1893.

5. A&T was the state's second land-grant college, but N.C. State wasn't the
first.

It was UNC-Chapel Hill.

UNC was scheduled to get the monies from the first Morrill Act in 1875, but the
university never got around to establishing agriculture or engineering schools.
It took 12 years of lobbying by farmers, progressives and the state's first
agriculture commissioner before the legislature diverted the money to a new
farming and industrial school.

The legislature created the N.C. College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts in
1887. The land-grant institution known today as N.C. State held its first
classes two years later.

Contact John Newsom at (336) 373-7312 and follow @JohnNewsomNR on Twitter.

___ (c)2015 the News & Record (Greensboro, N.C.) Visit the News & Record
(Greensboro, N.C.) at www.news-record.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150318-VG-N-C-A-T-will-celebrate-law-that-created-land-grant-colleges-0318-201
50318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VG


                          Copyright 2015 News & Record


                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Record (Greensboro, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Republican Rep. Justin Morrill paved way for HBCUs

BYLINE: John Newsom, News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 831 words


March 18--At its annual Founders Day celebration Thursday, N.C. A&T will give a
nod to the Morrill Act of 1890, a piece of congressional legislation that turns
125 years old this year.

The Morrill Act is responsible for creating about 70 universities and making
higher education in the United States more democratic. These land-grant colleges
are among the nation's biggest and best-known schools, and they engineered many
of the agricultural and industrial advances that built this nation.

"Higher education in the United States began way before the Morrill Act," said
M. Ray McKinnie, an associate dean in A&T's School of Agriculture and
Environmental Sciences and the university's in-house expert on the Morrill Act.
"But higher ed was private, more for the socially elite classes. ...

"(Congressman Justin Smith) Morrill saw a need for public education. He wanted
an open-door education so the sons of toil could have an opportunity at a
practical education that every-day people could receive."

1. There were actually two Morrill acts -- and the first was vetoed.

U.S. Rep. Justin Smith Morrill, a Republican congressman from Vermont,
introduced a land-grant college bill in 1857 that would let each state establish
a college that would specialize in agriculture and mechanical arts -- subjects
like carpentry, mechanical drawing and machine-shop trades. The bill squeaked
through Congress despite opposition from Southern states, but President James
Buchanan vetoed it.

After the Southern states seceded, the Morrill Act sailed through Congress, and
President Abraham Lincoln signed it in to law in 1862.

Because there was a war on, the first Morrill Act also required land-grant
schools to teach military tactics. That's why today's land-grant universities
often have an agriculture school, an engineering college and a Reserve Officers'
Training Corps program.

The Morrill Act proved so popular that Congress passed a second one in 1890,
aimed at the reconstructed Southern states. (More on that later.)

2. Land-grant colleges weren't necessarily built on the land granted.

To pay for the colleges, the Morrill Act gave each state 30,000 acres of federal
land -- hence the name land grant -- for each member of a state's congressional
delegation. The states could put the new college on the federal land or sell it.

"One thing you could not do -- you could not build buildings," McKinnie said
about the money. "You could use the money to hire faculty, to get the
universities up and running. That's been an issue over the years. People
complained that there wasn't ever enough money."

3. The first land-grant colleges were in the North.

The first Morrill Act barred rebellious Southern states from accepting federal
money. Morrill Act money didn't flow to Southern states until after the Civil
War.

Universities established under the first Morrill Act include The Ohio State
University, the Michigan State University and The Pennsylvania State University.
Most land-grant colleges are public. A handful, including Cornell University in
New York and Massachusetts Institute of Technology, are private.

4. The second Morrill Act created today's historically black public
universities.

Congress passed the second Morrill Act in 1890 to further support land-grant
colleges. But Congress embedded a stick in that carrot: Land-grant colleges had
to admit black students, or states had to establish schools for African
Americans.

The act didn't affect Northern land-grant universities, which already had
accepted a few black students.

Southern and border states, from Delaware to Texas, took the separate-but-equal
route and opened what are now called 1890 land-grant universities. These
schools, now numbering 19, include Florida A&M, Delaware State, Virginia State
and South Carolina State.

One of them was N.C. A&T, which opened in 1891 in Raleigh as an annex of the
private Shaw University. The trustees of the school then known as the
Agricultural and Mechanical College for the Colored Race voted a year later to
move the campus to Greensboro, which had dangled 14 acres and $11,000. The
college opened at its current site in Greensboro in 1893.

5. A&T was the state's second land-grant college, but N.C. State wasn't the
first.

It was UNC-Chapel Hill.

UNC was scheduled to get the monies from the first Morrill Act in 1875, but the
university never got around to establishing agriculture or engineering schools.
It took 12 years of lobbying by farmers, progressives and the state's first
agriculture commissioner before the legislature diverted the money to a new
farming and industrial school.

The legislature created the N.C. College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts in
1887. The land-grant institution known today as N.C. State held its first
classes two years later.

Contact John Newsom at (336) 373-7312, and follow @JohnNewsomNR on Twitter.

___ (c)2015 the News & Record (Greensboro, N.C.) Visit the News & Record
(Greensboro, N.C.) at www.news-record.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150318-VG-Republican-Rep-Justin-Morrill-paved-way-for-HBCUs-0318-20150318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VG


                          Copyright 2015 News & Record


                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 24, 2001 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition
                              Correction Appended

PARTY SWITCH COULD CHANGE FLOW OF FEDERAL FUNDS TO MISSOURI AND ILLINOIS

BYLINE: Deirdre Shesgreen Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau Bill Lambrecht And
Philip Dine Of The Post-Dispatch's Washington Bureau Contributed Information For
This Story.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 973 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


IN THE NEWS: CONGRESSIONAL POWER SWITCH

Republican Sens. Christopher "Kit" Bond of Missouri and Peter Fitzgerald of
Illinois stand to lose some choice posts if their party loses its majority
status in the U.S. Senate. But their Democratic colleague, Dick Durbin of
Illinois, could be among the winners.

* A senior senator like Bond can use a chairmanship to steer a lot of money to
his home state. If Democrats take over the Senate, Republican Bond would lose
his clout. But Democrat Durbin of Illinois could start to gain that kind of
influence.

A power shift in the Senate could cost Missouri political clout and federal
funds, since the state's top Republican, Christopher "Kit" Bond, would lose two
top posts.

In Illinois, the stature of Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin would almost certainly
rise. Durbin would be in line to take the helm of two subcommittee slots,
including one low-profile spending panel.

As the news spread Wednesday that Sen. Jim Jeffords, R-Vt., was planning to
leave the GOP and shift the balance of power in the 50-50 Senate, local
lawmakers in both parties were assessing the potential ripple effect on local
and national politics.

"It would certainly change a lot of things in Washington," said Sen. Peter
Fitzgerald, R-Ill., who would lose two subcommittee chairmanships if the
Democrats take control of the Senate.

The biggest impact for Missouri would come with the demotion of Bond, who is
currently chairman of an Appropriations subcommittee that controls spending for
the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the En vironmental Protection
Agency and more than a dozen other agencies.

If the Democrats gain control of the Senate, Bond would lose that chairmanship -
and with it, the ability to steer federal funds to Missouri for everything from
transportation projects to biotech research. Last year, for example, Bond helped
win $1 million for the University of Missouri-St. Louis for its International
Laboratory for Tropical Agriculture Biotechnology. And he secured another $1
million for the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in St. Louis County.

Bond would probably become the ranking Republican on the panel, where he would
have limited power. "The amount of money that we are able to provide ... will be
significantly reduced," Bond said. The senator said he couldn't cite an exact
figure.

But a GOP aide said that last year Bond secured more than $300 million for
various Missouri projects. That figure could be slashed by half if Bond moves
into the minority party, the aide said.

"Real money . . . real jobs"

"The minority party doesn't have as much access to the pot of money that
provides strategic investment," the aide said, referring to the funds that
senators earmark for specific projects in their home state.

"This is real money and it affects real jobs," said this aide, who spoke on the
condition of anonymity. "It's not just all smoke and mirrors in Washington."

A flip in control of the Senate could also have broad implications for river
policy in the Midwest while leaving Bond a bit player in environmental issues.

In the Republican-led Senate, Bond has worked successfully to block efforts a
decade in the making to change the flow of the Missouri River from dams to
rescue endangered species. Missouri officials ardently oppose those changes -
now being finalized by the Army Corps of Engineers - arguing that the changes
could reduce already diminished supplies of water in the lower stretch of the
river for drinking, electric power and navigation.

The power shift would install as majority leader Sen. Tom Daschle, D-S.D.
Daschle's home state would enjoy recreational boosts and many other benefits if
the Missouri River's flow is changed.

As a minority member, Bond also would lose leverage in his drive to rebuild
locks and dams along the Mississippi River. And, in losing his Appropriations
subcommittee chairmanship, he would relinquish oversight of the EPA budget along
with his leadership in the GOP on conservation issues.

However, his losses could be cut by virtue of his friendship with the likely new
chairman of that subcommittee, Sen. Barbara Mikulski, D-Md. "I've worked very
closely with Senator Mikulski," Bond said.

Bond would also lose the top seat on the Small Business Committee. Bond had used
that post to tackle what he said are burdensome regulations and tax policies.

Durbin's possibilities

Durbin, who also sits on the Senate Appropriations Committee, could gain control
of the panel that doles out funding for the Congress. Durbin declined to
speculate on how that new post would affect his ability to bring home federal
money for Illinois, but it is not a powerful subcommittee.

He would also likely win the chairmanship of a subcommittee that has broad
oversight of the federal government. From that perch, Durbin could launch probes
into virtually anything, from gas prices to the FBI's handling of the Timothy
McVeigh case.

Durbin's national profile could also get a boost because he serves in the Senate
Democratic leadership, which would control the Senate agenda. And as a member of
the Judiciary Committee, he would be able to wield considerable clout over the
president's judicial nominees.

Fitzgerald stands to lose the top posts on two subcommittees: a Commerce panel
that deals with consumer affairs and an Agriculture Committee post that oversees
marketing and inspection.

"I was really excited about consumer affairs," lamented Fitzgerald, who just got
the post at the beginning of this year. "I really had the opportunity to promote
some important consumer safety issues," such as car seats for kids and food
safety.

Sen. Jean Carnahan, D-Mo., would be the least affected by the switch. As a new
lawmaker, she would not be elevated to any chairmanships or leadership posts.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION & WORLD

CORRECTION-DATE: May 29, 2001



CORRECTION:
* The names of Sens. Larry Craig and James Jeffords were transposed Thursday in
the caption beneath a photo about the "Singing Senators."

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo from THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - The "Singing Senators" - (from
left) Trent Lott, John Ashcroft, James Jeffords and Larry Craig - record an
album in Nashville, Tenn., in December 1997. The Republican quartet was broken
up last year when Missouri's Ashcroft lost an election. Now the harmony may go
sour if Jeffords, of Vermont, quits the Republican Party.

TYPE: PROFILE; SENATOR JAMES JEFFORDS; PARTY SWITCH; SIDEBAR STORY

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday

Haitian premier outlines distribution of disaster relief funds

LENGTH: 2663 words


Excerpt from report by Haitian Radio Vision 2000 on 24 September

[From the "Info Vision" newscast; passages within slantlines in Creole]

[Announcer Marie Lucie Bonhomme] In a press conference held by government
officials yesterday, some 200m dollars has been declared available to help take
care of urgent needs subsequent to the damage and destruction caused in Haiti by
the four recent storms. This money, which was withdrawn from the Petrocaribe
funds, will be shared among several ministries in accordance with the extent of
the needs in the concerned sectors. The emergency programme will be coordinated
by the prime minister's office. Correspondent Deniscat Jean Erifleur explains as
follows:

[Begin recording] [Erifleur] Due to the extent of the damage caused by the
storms, the Haitian Government has decided to find some means to enable it to
face up to this difficult situation, according to Prime Minister Michele
Duvivier Pierre-Louis. [passage omitted]

[Pierre-Louis] //It is about 200m dollars, almost 8bn gourdes [exchange rate 39
gourdes/1 dollars] that will be made available to the ministers who are here now
so they may carry out efforts on behalf of people in different fields. We want
to underscore that these efforts will be carried out coherently and rationally
to facilitate future actions in connection with the next budget. [Passage
omitted]

We have carried out a sector-based evaluation of the damage. The concerned
sectors are the ministries of agriculture, national education, interior
ministry, public works, justice and security and public health. We have
distributed the money based on the urgencies. [Passage omitted]. We have
established a follow-up technical team in connection with the secretariat
general of my office. And together with the Finance Ministry and the BRH [Bank
of the Republic of Haiti], the technical team will assure a very systematic and
regular follow up of the disbursements and of what is done in the field. By the
way, funds for the emergency programme will be deposited at the BRH. The
technical team will make sure that we receive a monthly progress report. It will
also be their task to try to stimulate the different ministries to ensure that
they do not waste time in doing their job.//

[Erifleur] The 200m dollars is already available for the execution of the
emergency programme. This money was drawn from the Petrocaribe funds thanks to
the law on state of emergency approved recently by the parliament. [end
recording]

[Announcer William Saint-Fleur] Most of the money, 2.278bn gourdes [58.4m
dollars], will be assigned to the Agriculture Ministry to carry out projects
related to the protection of riverbanks, clearing out riverbeds, and ditch
digging. This money will also be used for the maintenance and repair of
production infrastructure. Agriculture Minister Joanas Gue indicates that
500,000 plowing tools, 837 tons of various seeds, and 25,000 tons of fertilizer
will be bought and distributed to farmers in areas that were affected the most
by the recent disaster. Agriculture Minister Gue explains as follows:

[Begin Gue recording, in Creole] We are going to address six major activities
within the frame work of this programme. The first one is the protection of
riverbanks and the clearing-out of rivers. We are going to work to protect 413
kilometres of ravines. We will clear out 160 km of riverbeds. We will also
protect riverbanks in some critical areas. Second, we will protect the ravines.
Third, we will assure the maintenance of and restoration of production
infrastructures. We will restore 65 irrigated perimeters where the damage was
more severe. We will also carry out efforts to irrigate more farming areas to
facilitate the production of beans, corn, and other short-term production as of
December to create food availability. Fourth, we must acquire the necessary
seeds and acquire and distribute plowing tools. There was already a shortage of
tools in the country, and the disaster has made things worse because farmers in
the affected areas have lost their tools. We are therefore going to get 500,000
plowing tools to recapitalize farmers and certain agriculture factories. We are
going to make available 837 tons of seeds of all sorts, like beans, corn, market
garden produce, and vegetables. By the way, we are approaching the season for
vegetable production in areas such as Morne Commissaire, Morne La Selle, and so
forth. [end recording]

[Saint-Fleur] Some 404bn gourdes [10.1m dollars] has been granted to the Public
Works Ministry, and 44m of this amount will be used to build river fords in
Montrouis, Ennery, and Chalon, as well as to repair electricity networks across
the country. This ministry has 280m gourdes to restore the potable water system
across the country. The minister of the TPTC [Ministry of Public Works Transport
and Communications], Jacques Gabriel, explains as follows:

[Begin Gabriel recording, in Creole] The central pillar of the Montrouis Bridge
was affected, and the other girders were damaged due to a deviation. Meanwhile,
we have built a ford at the river. The Estrella Company is doing this. The ford
is being built in a way to allow the water to flow through it when the water
level is low, and when the river rises, the water can flow over it, as well.

We are going to continue to work on the National Road 1. As part of the
programme mentioned by the prime minister, we are going to work on the Bretelle
Bridge. The Estrella Company is working to seal a 100-meter breach. This wall
will prevent water from the Sabourin area from flooding the town of Cabaret. I
am sure that once this work is completed, the water will no longer be able to
flow in that direction.

We are also going to work on another road section. We are going to get to
Ennery. Within the framework of the same programme, we are financing a river
ford in the Chalon area.

With regard to the electricity system, we have carried out an evaluation of the
country's electricity system. We discovered that a lot of poles had fallen, and
many kilometres of power lines are on the ground. All these efforts will cost
about 44m gourdes [1.1m dollars]. There is also the electricity network.
According to an evaluation by the EDH [Electricity of Haiti], we found that
several kilometres of lines are on the ground, poles are still on the ground,
and electricity circuits were cut off. So, we are getting 280m gourdes from the
programme for these projects.

As for the potable water distribution systems, we have evaluated all of the
affected areas, including Gonaives, so we may restore them. Some 80m gourdes [2m
dollars] has been allocated for these efforts. [end recording]

[Bonhomme] The Justice Ministry has been assigned 80m gourdes to restore jails,
police stations, and tribunals affected by the storms, according to the prime
minister, who is also the acting justice minister. She also indicated that the
government has decided to pay public administration employees a 14th month of
salary, and 952m gourdes [24.4m dollars] has been mobilized for this purpose.
Finance Minister Daniel Dorsainvil and Prime Minister Pierre-Louis speak as
follows at the microphone of Deniscat Jean Erifleur:

[Begin recording, in Creole] [Dorsainvil] The current situation is very
difficult for the people as a whole, and based on financial availability the
government has judged it necessary to grant a 14th month of salary to civil
servants. Besides, these people should be able to support the other efforts the
government is carrying out to give services to the people. We have set aside
952m gourdes to pay all the public administration employees a 14th month of
salary.

[Pierre-Louis] As acting justice minister, I want to say that in the evaluation
made by the Civil Defence Office, we came to the realization that there are
prisons, police stations, and tribunals that were damaged by the storms. In some
instances, the roofs, windows, and walls have been destroyed. So, we have
mobilized 80m gourdes to restore the country's prisons, police stations, and
tribunals. We may not be able to restore all of them, but we will work on the
ones with the most damage. [end recording]

[Bonhomme] In order to bring relief to some parents at the start of the school
year, the National Education Ministry will give a subsidy to about 125,000
children at private schools. School kits and access to canteens will be given to
more than 250,000 children, while 100,000 others will be receiving uniforms. As
part of this emergency programme, restoration work will be carried out at 100
school buildings, and 33 others will be rebuilt, according to Education Minister
Joel Desrosiers Jean-Pierre. It should be pointed out that a total of 146 school
buildings sustained damage, and 145 others were destroyed. The prime minister
indicated yesterday that the Education Ministry is now in charge of the school
subsidy programme. The prime minister's office used to take care of that.
Education Minister Jean-Pierre explains as follows:

[Begin Jean-Pierre recording, in Creole] So far, we know that 146 school
buildings were damaged. Some 55 schools will need rebuilding, and restoration
work should be carried out at 593 [figure as heard] others. We want to take
advantage of this occasion to say that the government has made a lot of efforts
under the current circumstances to consider the school-opening situation, as
well as the situation of schoolchildren this year. For this reason, some school
buildings are going to be restored rapidly. We have between 90 to 100 schools
that we will enter into a major restoration programme. We are thinking about
rebuilding some 33 schools immediately. [passage omitted]. We will be
considering the cleaning up of a good number of schools that are full of mud. We
will be providing some of the concerned schools with chairs, desks, blackboards,
and other furniture. With regard to the subsidy, we have a plan to give a
subsidy to children at public schools. We will pay school fees for more than
2,000 children. [end recording]

[Bonhomme] The Ministry of Interior and Territorial Collectivities has a
portfolio worth 822m gourdes [21m dollars], which should be used as follows:
710m gourdes for the programme of support to the communes, and priority will be
given to projects submitted by mayors and parliamentarians. Some 90m gourdes
will be used to provide food and water to people in areas severely affected by
the disaster, and 22m gourdes for other humanitarian assistance. Interior
Minister Paul Antoine Bien-Aime specifies as follows:

[Begin Bien-Aime recording, in Creole] The minister of interior will coordinates
three types of intervention. First, we will give supports to the communes.
Second, we will provide water and food. Third, we will provide other types of
humanitarian assistance. Each of the country's communes - whether or not it was
affected by the disaster - will receive 5m gourdes. This has been made available
for each one. This money will be used to finance activities that should be
carried out in the area. We will give priority to activities planned in
connection with the mayors, deputies, and senators. So, once these projects have
been presented to these three authorities, they will be assigned a certain
priority. But there are places where this will not be possible. Actually, there
are accredited NGOs already working in these areas with the approval of at least
one of these authorities that can submit projects, too. So, 5m gourdes will be
made available for each commune, whether or not it was hit by the natural
disaster, so it may carry out activities on behalf of the local people.

As for the food and water that should be provided to the people, we will
continue to take drinking water to places where there are shortages, and we will
continue to take food to the isolated areas. But this will be done in connection
with the sponsors and the NGOs already doing this.

With regard to other types of humanitarian assistance, we will need to build a
supply of mattresses and hygiene kits throughout the hurricane season so we may
be able to provide them to people in temporary shelters or those who lost all
their belongings in the floods.

The assistance to the communes will cost a total of 710m gourdes. The food and
water supply will cost 90m gourdes, and the other type of humanitarian
assistance will cost 22m gourdes. [end recording]

[Bonhomme] The fact of allocating funds to the parliamentarians to execute
projects is nothing more than corruption, according to certain political
leaders. They think that only a small group of individuals will benefit from the
money, to the detriment of the communities. Correspondent Avenide Joseph reports
as follows:

[Begin recording] [Joseph] Some political leaders see the decision of the
government to give money to the parliamentarians for execution of projects in
their region as corruption and aberration. Himmler Rebu of the Big Rally for the
Development of Haiti [GREH], Luc Mesadieux of the Christian Movement for a New
Haiti [MOCHRENHA], and Harry Marsant of the Struggling People's Organization
[OPL] comment as follows:

[Rebu] It is a [word indistinct] that the executive power is using to corrupt
the parliamentarians by getting them to accept money while they do not have the
right to do accept money from the government. And the worst thing is that they
are going to become agents to execute projects in the field.

[Mesadieux] I do not support this idea at all. It looks more like a source of
corruption than a means to help with the country's progress.

[Marsant] It is a political aberration and also an aberration for the
parliamentarians in their role as legislators. It is the role of the
parliamentarians to make laws, vote laws, control the government, and approve
budgets. And its major role is the power to exert control over the government.

[Joseph] [passage omitted] MOCHRENHA leader Mesadieux thinks that it is the
government's duty to assume its responsibility. Development project funds should
be handled by the concerned ministers, in connection with local structures,
municipalities, the Communal Section Administration Councils, and the Communal
Section Assemblies. [passage omitted] [end recording]

[Bonhomme] Rosny Desroches of the Civil Society Initiative Group [GISC] recalls
that it is not the job of the executive power to use public funds the way they
are doing, because this money drawn from the Petrocaribe funds will have to be
reimbursed by the Haitian state. [passage omitted] Professor Desroches speaks as
follows:

[Begin Desroches recording, in Creole] I think these decisions are really
damaging, because these funds are public monies. If it is taxpayers' money or,
like I have heard, the money is drawn from the Petrocaribe programme, then the
Haitian state will have to reimburse it someday. It could be us or our children
who will have to reimburse it. They are debts made by the state. Actually, the
parliament should have been the one to decide how to use the money. The
government should not have taken upon itself the responsibility to use the funds
by saying that they will give such and such amounts to deputies, senators, and
so forth. [passage omitted]

The other aspect of this issue that shows that it is an unhealthy decision is
that the parliamentarians are not supposed to handle funds to carry out public
expenditure. The mayors can do this, but the senators' role is to control - not
to manage. They are there to make laws and make decisions. They are not there to
spend the state's money. [passage omitted] Some senators say the money will help
them in the coming election. In my opinion, it will be unfair competition,
because, during the election period, there will be other candidates, too. So I
think they should allow voters to decide in accordance with the normal
procedures and not on the basis of the money received from the government for
this or that. [end recording]

Source: Radio Vision 2000, Port-au-Prince, in French 1130 gmt 24 Sep 08

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Impartial Reporter

                           January 10, 2013 Thursday

Farmers voice their frustration over crisis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


Farmers do not even realise themselves how serious the current economic
situation is facing them, according to a farmer attending this week's
President's Area Meeting of the Ulster Farmers' Union in Enniskillen.

Frustration spilled over at times during the meeting attended by around 180
members of the Union in Fermanagh meeting at the Killyhevlin Hotel.

After listening patiently to the President, Harry Sinclair and Policy Director,
Wesley Aston, on the implications of the CAP Reform proposals and the latest
thinking in Brussels, farmers made their voices heard during a discussion on the
difficult cash flow situation and fodder crisis on farms.

Maurice Hurst told the meeting that the low milk price at auction last Spring
"knocked the stuffing" out of dairy farmers and he appealed to the Union to ask
for a review of the milk auction system.

UFU Deputy President, Ian Marshall, also a dairy farmers, agreed there was
serious pressure on dairy farmers and cash flow was difficult for many of them.

"This is not sustainable," he told members.

Maurice Hurst said processors had done well out of the milk price and asked for
1p a litre extra to be given to milk producers backdated to April, to help them
get out of the current situation.

Many present took great issue with the claims that dairy farmers were doing well
when the milk price had temporarily reached 32p a litre.

The message at the meeting was that it was not the producer price which was
important, it was the margins that farmers could achieve.

The Union said it recognised the Agriculture Minister's intent to help the
industry by declaring a modulation rebate for 2013 but that would not be
achieved until the Single Farm Payment money was paid out in December of this
year. However President, Harry Sinclair, said the Minister had gone further than
her counterparts.

There was a major discussion about the Northern Ireland Agri Food Strategy
Board, which has representation from across the agricultural industry including
Ian Marshall and John Thompson representing the current and past UFU membership
and whether it served the best interests of farmers.

However President, Harry Sinclair said those sectors of the industry serving on
it had "bought into" the ideals of the Board and would have to accept its
findings.

Irwin Little from Newtownbutler, gave a downbeat view of the state of farming,
saying it would be 18 months before the industry could recover. Farmers, he
said, did not realise how bad the situation was.

Farmers at the meeting also raised the reluctance of the EU to adopt GM crops in
animal feed. Some members at the meeting including Barry Read from Lisnaskea,
said it left many farmers at a great disadvantage in terms of costs of
production.

However Harry Sinclair said there was a growing acceptance of GM crops,
evidenced by the debates at the Oxford Farming Conference last week.

Harold Hamilton said the costs of production were probably the main problems for
livestock farmers in Fermanagh.

The price of beef was also taken up with John Sheridan wondering why not more
cattle were sold live out of Northern Ireland.

It emerged that Morrisons Supermarkets which did not have a presence in Northern
Ireland, have been buying cattle from Fermanagh farmers this week.

The Union was represented at the meeting by President, Harry Sinclair; Deputy
Presidents, Ian Marshall and Barclay Bell; Policy Director, Wesley Aston and
Chief Executive, Clarke Black.

Full report of the meeting in next week's issue.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Yet another big National Dairy Show win for the Barretts of Cork

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 1778 words


Dairy farmers at Millstreet welcomed confirmation by Agriculture Minister
Michael Creed of the January 1 target start date for the  150 million farmer
loan fund at a breakthrough low interest rate of 2.95%.

It s not an invitation to borrow your way out of trouble,  said Mr Creed.  But
if you owe the co-op money at 10% or have an overdraft at 8 or 9%, see how this
product can deliver better cash flow for you.

He said a call for partners will shortly go out from the Strategic Banking
Corporation of Ireland to lenders interested in delivering the loan product.

Highly flexible loans for up to six years of amounts up to  150,000 will be
available to livestock, tillage and horticulture farmers. These loans can enable
farmers improve management of their cash flow, and reduce short-term borrowing
costs.

It is unsecured lending, so there will be the  minimum of red tape , said the
Minister.

The fund created by the Department of Agriculture and SBCI includes  14m from
the Department announced in the Budget, plus  11 million made available by the
EU s exceptional adjustment aid for milk and other livestock farmers, combined
to leverage  150m of loans.

Eligibility for livestock farmers will be in line with the conditions laid down
in the EU exceptional adjustment aid regulation; and loans to non-livestock
farmers will be subject to de minimis State Aid requirements.

There has been a strong farmer welcome for the fund, which is likely to be taken
up in full, with dairy farmers the main applicants.

Mr Creed said it was a response to the high cost of working capital, which had
been noted in nearly every pre-Budget submissions, and revealed that the farmer
loan fund may be a template for loans in other sectors, as part of an ambitious
Government response to the Brexit challenge.

Mr Creed officially opened the National Dairy Show at Millstreet, and spent
hours touring the busy, well-attended event, which had about 120 trade stands.

In his speech, he highlighted the threat posed by Brexit to dairy companies such
as Lakeland, Strathroy and Lacpatrick, whose milk supply pools straddle the
border.

He said he is setting up a stakeholders  forum which can advise his Department
during complex Brexit negotiations.

In the meantime, his quest for new markets to reduce Ireland s 43% reliance on
the UK for food exports will continue in a trade trip to North Africa.

In the show ring at Millstreet, John and Rickey Barrett of Cork, multiple
previous winners of the Irish Examiner National Dairy Show Supreme Championship,
were to the fore once more, with their home-bred Laurelelm Shottle Daffodil 2
tapped out as champion by Welshman Merurig James ahead of Drumlina Atwood Megan,
shown by the Boyd/Greenan/O Neill partnership, and Laurelmore Wyman Lavander,
placed third for the Barretts.

The Barretts also showed the Jersey champ.

Rickey Barrett said the top cows at Millstreet are  everyman s  cows, after five
or six years in which the Holstein breed has vastly improved in Ireland. He
praised the Irish Holstein Friesian Association and the Irish Cattle Breeding
Federation for their work to reduce problems of infertility and the breed
getting too big and extreme, while maintaining the breed s natural ability to
produce 600kg of fat and protein.

SHOW RESULTS Handler aged 12-18, calf born July-Dec, 2016, Sponsored by
Dairygold:

1. Rachel McNamara. 2. Megan Boal. 3. Sinead O Sullivan.

Novice Handler Under 12, calf born 2016, sponsored by McDonnell Bros:

1. Amy Roche. 2. Clodagh O Sullivan. 3. Cathal Dorian.

Handler Championship , sponsored by Osmonds:

Rachel McNamara. Reserve, Megan Boal. Hon mention, Amy Roche.

Jersey Heifer born January 2016, sponsored by Kerry Agri:

1. All-Star Prince, E & H McLoughney. 2. Excitation Film Star, E & H McLoughney.
3. Elitstreet Success Roxy, Elitestreet Genetics. Best Exhibitor Bred,
Elitstreet Success Roxy. Highest EBI, Sprucegrove Val Sparkle, Aidan Foody.

Heifer born after February, 2016, led by handler, 12 yrs or under, sponsored by
Carbery Group:

1. Clonpaddin Snowy Fame, G & J Hurley. 2. Lisnalty Lorraine 285, Paul Hannan.
3. Cahirmee Beau Irl, Pat Smith. Best Exhibitor Bred, Clonpaddin Snowy Fame.

Highest EBI - Everground Star 37.

Heifer born between Nov 2015 to Fweb , 2016, sponsored by Barrett Agri/Southern
Farm Fuels:

1. Ballyelan Seven Robin, Tom Lynch. 2. Sprucegrove Cuttion Dellia, Keypoint &
Cunningham. 3. Ballyboy Embrace Carmen, Jim & Una Sinnott. Best Exhibitor Bred,
Ballyelan Seven Robin. Highest EBI, -Everground Star Texel 36, Ml & M Laffan.

Heifer born between July to Nov, 2015, sponsored by Eurogene AI:

1. Clonpaddin Mpw Fame 2, J & G Hurley.

2. Sprucegrove Armain A Peggy, Keypoint & Cunningham. 3. Knockbrown Fraiko
Precesta 3, O Sullivan Family. Best Exhibitor Bred, Clonpaddin Mpw Fame 2.
Highest EBI, Knockbrown Fraiko Ruby, O Sullivan Family.

Heifer born 2015, before July, sponsored by DeLaval:

1. Greenlea Stonewall Oceane, Padraic Greenan. 2. Lissue Doorman Faith, S & P
McLoughlin. 3. Cahirmee Acme Presence, Patrick Smith. Best Exhibitor Bred,
Greenlea Stonewall Oceane. Highest EBI - Emerald Deman Papoose, Donal & T
Neville.

Heifer born July to Dec, 2014, sponsored by Dovea AI:

1. Knocbrown Stonewall Lady, O Sullivan Family. 2. Coolnamara Fever Z, L & S
Murphy. 3. Shanawayhill Tulip, Mary McCarthy. Best Exhibitor Bred and Highest
EBI, Knocbrown Stonewall Lady.

Junior Holstein Champion, sponsored by Munster AI:

Knockbrown Stonewall Lady, O Sullivan Family. Reserve - Clonpaddin Mpw Fame 2, J
& G Hurley.

Hon Mention, Greenlea Stonewall Oceane, Padraic Greenan.

Jersey heifer born before 2016, not in milk, sponsored by FBD Insurance:

1. Mooreshill E Nicola, L & S Murphy. 2. Mooreshill PWI Nikki, Patrick Ahern. 3.
Massrock PWI Brunette 3, Lehane Family. Best Exhibitor Bred Animal - Mooreshill
PWI Nikki. Highest EBI, Gabriel Sparkles Laura, Robert Shannon.

Junior Jersey Champion, sponsored by Zoetis:

All-Star Prince, E & H McLoughney. Reserve, Excitation Film Star, E & H
McLoughney. Hon Mention,

Mooreshill E Nicola, L & S Murphy.

Confined heifer in milk, sponsored by Merial:

1. Muckruss Mcutchen Ambrosia, Jerome O Leary. 2. Rathrone Sally, Dermot Flynn.
3. Lisnalty Shower 713, Paul Hannan. Best Exhibitor Bred, Rathrone Sally.
Highest EBI, Ballycannon Pnh Rita, Pat Shanahan. Best Udder - Muckruss Mcutchen
Ambrosia.

2-year-old heifer in milk born after February, 2014, sponsored by MSD Animal
Health:

1. Clonpaddin Lavanguard Flavour, J & G Hurley. 2. Ballinafinn Atwood Anna, D &
T Bourke. 3. Emerald Doorman Promis, Donal & Thomas Neville. Best Exhibitor
Bred, Clonpaddin Lavanguard Flavour. Highest EBI, Emerald Doorman Promis. Best
Udder - Clonpaddin Lavanguard Flavour.

Junior 3-year-old heifer/cow in milk born Sept 2013 to March 2014, sponsored by
Crecora Mills:

1. Yardgrove Fever Ona 2, Bryan O Connor. 2. Rathrone Sally, Dermot Flynn. 3.
Denmire Doorman Marie Anne 8, Hugh Dwyer. Best Exhibitor Bred and Best Udder,
Rathrone Sally. Highest EBI,Denmire Doorman Marie Anne 8.

Intermediate Holstein Champion, sponsored by Ornua:

Clonpaddin Lavanguard Flavour, J & G Hurley. Reserve, Ballinafinn Atwood Anna, D
& T Bourke.

Hon Mention, Muckruss Mcutchen Ambrosia, Jerome O Leary.

Jersey heifer in milk, sponsored by Norbrook Laboratories:

1. Abbotsley Tequila Roxy, Elitestreet Genetics. 2. Sprucegrove Redpath Sangria,
Aidan Foody, 3. Kilgarriffe Madeline, Richard Helen. Best Exhibitor Bred,
Sprucegrove Redpath Sangria. Best Udder, Abbotsley Tequila Roxy.

Confined cow in milk, sponsored by IFA:

1. Foherish Shottle Rhonda, Jerome O Leary. 2. Ballyelan Shottle Dellia ET, Noel
Murphy. 3. Dock Goldwyn Marie 2, Sean Meade. Best Exhibitor Bred Animal -
Foherish Shottle Rhonda, Jerome O Leary

Highest EBI and Best Udder, Foherish Shottle Rhonda.

Confined Champion, sponsored by The Farm Store:

Foherish Shottle Rhonda, Jerome O Leary. Reserve, Ballyelan Shottle Dellia ET,
Noel Murphy. Hon Mention, Abbotsley Tequila Roxy, Elitestreet Genetics.

Jersey cow in milk, sponsored by Grassland Agro:

1. Laurelelm Glamour EX95 , R & J Barrett. 2. Ribblesdale Excitation Willow, E &
H McLoughney. 3. Laurelelm Vindication Poppy, R & J Barrett. Best Exhibitor
Bred, Highest EBI, and Best Udder, Laurelelm Glamour EX95, R & J Barrett.

Overall Jersey Champion and Exhibitor Bred Champion, sponsored by Irish Jersey
Society:

Laurelelm Glamour EX95 , R & J Barrett. Reserve, Ribblesdale Excitation Willow,
E & H McLoughney. Hon Mention, Abbotsley Tequila Roxy, Elitestreet Genetics.

Senior 3-year-old cow in milk born 2013, before September, sponsored by Allied
Irish Bank:

1. Laurelmore Wyman Lavander, J & R Barrett. 2. Dalevalley Gwy Embrace 2, Boyd/O
Neill. 3. Sprucegrove Lavanguard Peggy, S & A Foley. Best Exhibitor Bred,
Highest EBI, Best Udder, Laurelmore Wyman Lavander.

4-year-old cow born 2012, sponsored by Bank of Ireland:

1. Drumlina Atwood Megan, Boyd/Greenan/O Neill. 2. Greenlea Lauthority Pledge,
Padraic Greenan. 3. Clongowes Sid Almeric 2, Bryan O Connor. Best Exhibitor Bred
and Best Udder, Drumlina Atwood Megan. Highest EBI, Laurelmore Stonewall Ravena.

5-yr-old cow in milk born 2011, sponsored by Devenish Nutrition:

1. Tubbertoby Sid Jenn, Paul Flannagan. 2. Ballyelan Shottle Dellia ET, Noel
Murphy. 3. Lisnacunna Dee Beauty Red ET, Pat Coffey. Best Exhibitor Bred and

Best Udder, Tubbertoby Sid Jenn. Highest EBI, Monamore Mc C Margot, T & J Kelly.

Mature cow in milk born before 1012, sponsored by IHFA:

1. Laurelelm Shottle Daffodil 2, R & J Barrett. 2. Desmond Dundee Embrace, P
Jones/R Cromie. 3. Evergreen Duplex Ebony, L & S Murphy. Best Exhibitor Bred,
Highest EBI, Best Udder, Laurelelm Shottle Daffodil 2.

Production Class for cows having produced over 3,000kg combined fat & protein,
sponsored by Dairygold:

1. Desmond Dundee Embrace ET, P Jones/R Cromie. 2. Evergreen Duplex Ebony, L & S
Murphy. 3. Glaslough Talent Harri, D & K Boyd.

Group of 3 females owned by exhibitor, sponsored by Zoetis:

1. Laurelelm. 2. Glaslough. 3. Monamore.

Best Udder, sponsored by Southern Milling:

Laurelelm Shottle Daffodil 2, R & J Barrett.

Premier Breeder, sponsored by Norbrook Laboratories:

R & J Barrett.

Premier Exhibitor, sponsored by Kelliher Agri Tralee & CID Lines:

R & J Barrett.

Highest EBI Holstein, sponsored by McDonnell Bros:

Everground Star Texel 36, Ml & M Laffan.

Highest EBI Jersey, sponsored by Boveq Scanning:

Pat Ahern.

Irish Examiner Supreme Champion, sponsored by Irish Examiner:

Laurelelm Shottle Daffodil 2, R & J Barrett.

Reserve, Drumlina Atwood Megan, Boyd/Greenan/O Neill. Hon Mention, Laurelmore
Wyman Lavander, J & R Barrett.

Exhibitor Bred Championship, sponsored by Colin Johnson:

Laurelelm Shottle Daffodil 2, R & J Barrett. Reserve, Drumlina Atwood Megan,
Boyd/Greenan/O Neill.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            March 4, 1992, Wednesday

Portuguese plan on EC farms gets a cool reception

BYLINE: From SARAH LAMBERT in Brussels

SECTION: FOREIGN NEWS PAGE; Page 8

LENGTH: 468 words


A COMPROMISE devised by Portugal designed to light a fire under the
controversial process of overhauling the European farm policy met with a
lukewarm response from farm ministers yesterday. John Gummer, the Minister of
Agriculture, said that the Portuguese proposals would still favour inefficient
farmers.

Of the pounds 46.62bn of Community revenue this year, pounds 24.71m will be
spent on the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP).

Britain, which will take over the presidency from Portugal in June, is limbering
up to take on the EC, not just over reform of the CAP but on its financial
priorities for the next five years.

The 1992-1997 Community budget promises to be every bit as difficult to
negotiate as CAP reform and the member states are already beginning to draw
lines in the sand.

The EC's main paymasters, France, Germany and Britain, live in straitened
circumstances and are reluctant to back the heavy increase in funds - from
pounds 46.62bn to pounds 61.25bn that the EC president, Jacques Delors, says
must flow into Community coffers by 1997 if the EC is to meet its commitments.

Britain argues that the EC already levies an amount equivalent to 1.2 per cent
of the Community's total economic growth. Not all this money has been spent this
year and since the Commission model is based on an assumption of 2.5 per cent
growth there is enough flexibility in the existing budget structure.

The smaller, richer countries such as Denmark, Belgium and Italy and the
Netherlands, are worried that Mr Delors' plans to alter the basis on which that
money could be levied will mean that they, too, become net contributors in time.

The smaller poor countries do well out of the EC but point out that they still
have a huge gap to bridge.

Part of the problem is that with times harder, the debate on future spending
focuses member state minds on whether they are getting value for money from the
Community. The Commission says the benefits of membership are intangible and
refuses to publish figures showing who gives what. This leaves the field open to
member states to do their own arthimetic.

Italy now reckons, for example, that under the Delors projection Rome could
become the second largest net contributor to the EC budget after Germany. The UK
contribution, says the Treasury, which has not done all the sums, looks to
increase by pounds 1bn.

Mr Delors, a personally modest man, is impatient with the idea that his spending
plans are over-ambitious or the ceilings he has set are too high. Fresh money to
fund external policy is, for the 12 who would have to stump up individually
otherwise, an economy of scale, he argues. ''It is a calculation which anyone
could do at the end of primary school. We could give it to all English
schoolchildren,'' Mr Delors said on Monday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Independent Print Ltd


                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday

Experts split on Scott environmental pivot;
Everglades, springs initiatives are too little, too late, some say

BYLINE: WILLIAM MARCH; Tribune staff

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Metro; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 2118 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Rick Scott has trumpeted the environmental initiatives in his new
budget -- money for springs and Everglades restoration -- but enviro types say
the springs money is only a drop in the bucket of what's needed, and the
Everglades initiative is a result of the ongoing litigation in which the state
has been found to have violated its agreement to protect the glades.


 - Gov. Rick Scott has trumpeted the environmental initiatives in his new
budget, including money for protection of Florida's increasingly polluted
springs and a new initiative for Everglades restoration.

Some environmental advocates give Scott credit for responding to critical needs,
while others say the springs money is a drop in the bucket of what's needed and
that the Everglades initiative is a result of the ongoing litigation in which
the state has been found to have violated its agreement to protect the River of
Grass.

He's certainly heard the concerns. ... He is now stepping up, said Erik
Eikenberg, CEO of the Everglades Foundation. The governor understands that a
restored and protected Everglades is an enormous economic driver.

Eric Draper, executive director of the Florida Audubon Society, said Scott's
proposal to

spend $130 million on Everglades protection projects is a good Everglades
budget. It's starting to get back to where we were in the best years, when we
got up to $200 million in 2007.

But David Guest, an environmental lawyer who has worked to force Florida to stop
the continuing pollution of the Everglades, had a different view.

Scott's Everglades initiative, he said, stems mainly from two motives - court
orders resulting from litigation and public outcry over pollution of the Indian
River Lagoon not - from a newfound devotion to the environment.

If we didn't bring out the cattle prod, they would still be dithering, Guest
said. You have to look at the whole Rick Scott, the governor who has had the
worst impact on protecting Florida's waters of any governor in Florida history.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

Bob Knight of the Florida Springs Institute called Scott's $55 million springs
initiative baby steps that will not make a noticeable difference. That won't
even be a speed bump in the process of decline that's going on right now.

Scott's Everglades initiative consists roughly of three parts:

[diams] $30 million to create an elevated roadbed for 2.5 miles of Alligator
Alley, allowing water to flow under the highway, which for decades has blocked
the natural water flow of the Everglades. That adds to the one mile of bridging
already in place, intended eventually to total 6.5 miles.

[diams] $32 million to build cleanup facilities for agriculturally polluted
water flowing from the Everglades Agricultural Area.

[diams] The remainder is for reservoirs to store polluted water in Martin County
and along the Caloosahatchee River, plus the final steps in restoring the
natural flow of the Kissimmee River.

The reservoirs and Kissimmee restoration are linked directly to the pollution
flowing into the Indian River Lagoon along the Treasure Coast, which suffered
last summer from the combined effects of heavy rain, pollution in Lake
Okeechobee and local development.

The level of nitrogen and phosphorus - fertilizers that stimulate algae growth
in water - spiked in the lagoon.

The rain forced releases of fertilizer-laden water from the lake that ended up
in the southern part of the lagoon, while heavy freshwater flows and runoff from
development turned the northern part into an algae-laden soup.

The result, said Guest, was a gigantic crisis, stinking green slime, scores or
hundreds of manatees and dolphins and pelicans killed.

In October, Scott was booed at the opening of a Bass Pro Shops in Port St.
Lucie, according to news reports.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

According to a news release from the Governor's Office, the springs initiative
money will go for improving agricultural practices in use of water and
fertilizer, and development of alternative water supplies and recharge projects.

Florida's springs suffer the same problem as the Everglades and many coastal
waters - excessive loads of nitrogen and phosphorus from runoff from
agriculture, development and septic tanks, leading to algae blooms and death of
natural vegetation that's the base of the food chain.

Springs pollution is aggravated by reduced flows of fresh water in the springs
because of overpumping of water from the aquifer that feeds them, Knight said.

The springs, famed for their clear water and abundant wildlife, have long been
among the state's top tourist attractions. But many of them are now murky, with
fewer fish, and are suffering from saltwater intrusion, Knight said.

In the 1990s, he recalled, the problem gained attention statewide, resulting in
the launch of the Florida Springs Initiative after a visit by former Gov. Jeb
Bush to Itchetucknee Spring in 1999.

But the initiative never got much beyond planning and in 2007, it started fading
away.

It ended in 2011, Scott's first year in office, in the midst of preparations for
restoration of Wakulla, Silver, Itchetucknee and Rainbow River springs.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

As to how much money is needed to protect springs, Knight noted that a single
project to upgrade the sprayfield used to dispose of sewage treatment effluent
in Tallahassee has a price tag of $220 million. The project is designed to
reduce pollution of underground water.

Even those environmental advocates who praise Scott's initiative this year say
it doesn't make up for actions earlier in his term.

In the name of expediting economic growth and development, Scott slashed the
budgets of the state's water management districts, largely responsible for
enforcing anti-water pollution regulations, and dismantled the state Department
of Community Affairs, responsible for state participation in growth management.

With Scott's acquiescence, the state Legislature killed a bill aimed at
protecting springs by requiring inspections of residential septic tanks.

His policy has been to allow businesses to dump pollution into Florida
waterways, letting polluting industries write regulations and getting rid of all
the good people at Department of Environmental Protection, attorney Guest said.

Draper, with Florida Audubon, said Scott appears to be feeling the heat from
that record and is responding.

I think the governor wants to be seen as positive toward the environment, and
recognizes that early in his term, he made some mistakes that gave people the
impression he's not, Draper said.

From his staff, I heard they were concerned about losing the votes of
environmental voters, including Republicans.

They don't tend to be concerned about climate change or alternative energy, but
they do care about the Everglades, water and parks.

wmarch@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7761

SCOTT, Page 12

- Gov. Rick Scott has trumpeted the environmental initiatives in his new budget,
including money for protection of Florida's increasingly polluted springs and a
new initiative for Everglades restoration.

Some environmental advocates give Scott credit for responding to critical needs,
while others say the springs money is a drop in the bucket of what's needed and
that the Everglades initiative is a result of the ongoing litigation in which
the state has been found to have violated its agreement to protect the River of
Grass.

He's certainly heard the concerns. ... He is now stepping up, said Erik
Eikenberg, CEO of the Everglades Foundation. The governor understands that a
restored and protected Everglades is an enormous economic driver.

Eric Draper, executive director of the Florida Audubon Society, said Scott's
proposal to

spend $130 million on Everglades protection projects is a good Everglades
budget. It's starting to get back to where we were in the best years, when we
got up to $200 million in 2007.

But David Guest, an environmental lawyer who has worked to force Florida to stop
the continuing pollution of the Everglades, had a different view.

Scott's Everglades initiative, he said, stems mainly from two motives - court
orders resulting from litigation and public outcry over pollution of the Indian
River Lagoon not - from a newfound devotion to the environment.

If we didn't bring out the cattle prod, they would still be dithering, Guest
said. You have to look at the whole Rick Scott, the governor who has had the
worst impact on protecting Florida's waters of any governor in Florida history.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

Bob Knight of the Florida Springs Institute called Scott's $55 million springs
initiative baby steps that will not make a noticeable difference. That won't
even be a speed bump in the process of decline that's going on right now.

Scott's Everglades initiative consists roughly of three parts:

[diams] $30 million to create an elevated roadbed for 2.5 miles of Alligator
Alley, allowing water to flow under the highway, which for decades has blocked
the natural water flow of the Everglades. That adds to the one mile of bridging
already in place, intended eventually to total 6.5 miles.

[diams] $32 million to build cleanup facilities for agriculturally polluted
water flowing from the Everglades Agricultural Area.

[diams] The remainder is for reservoirs to store polluted water in Martin County
and along the Caloosahatchee River, plus the final steps in restoring the
natural flow of the Kissimmee River.

The reservoirs and Kissimmee restoration are linked directly to the pollution
flowing into the Indian River Lagoon along the Treasure Coast, which suffered
last summer from the combined effects of heavy rain, pollution in Lake
Okeechobee and local development.

The level of nitrogen and phosphorus - fertilizers that stimulate algae growth
in water - spiked in the lagoon.

The rain forced releases of fertilizer-laden water from the lake that ended up
in the southern part of the lagoon, while heavy freshwater flows and runoff from
development turned the northern part into an algae-laden soup.

The result, said Guest, was a gigantic crisis, stinking green slime, scores or
hundreds of manatees and dolphins and pelicans killed.

In October, Scott was booed at the opening of a Bass Pro Shops in Port St.
Lucie, according to news reports.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

According to a news release from the Governor's Office, the springs initiative
money will go for improving agricultural practices in use of water and
fertilizer, and development of alternative water supplies and recharge projects.

Florida's springs suffer the same problem as the Everglades and many coastal
waters - excessive loads of nitrogen and phosphorus from runoff from
agriculture, development and septic tanks, leading to algae blooms and death of
natural vegetation that's the base of the food chain.

Springs pollution is aggravated by reduced flows of fresh water in the springs
because of overpumping of water from the aquifer that feeds them, Knight said.

The springs, famed for their clear water and abundant wildlife, have long been
among the state's top tourist attractions. But many of them are now murky, with
fewer fish, and are suffering from saltwater intrusion, Knight said.

In the 1990s, he recalled, the problem gained attention statewide, resulting in
the launch of the Florida Springs Initiative after a visit by former Gov. Jeb
Bush to Itchetucknee Spring in 1999.

But the initiative never got much beyond planning and in 2007, it started fading
away.

It ended in 2011, Scott's first year in office, in the midst of preparations for
restoration of Wakulla, Silver, Itchetucknee and Rainbow River springs.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

As to how much money is needed to protect springs, Knight noted that a single
project to upgrade the sprayfield used to dispose of sewage treatment effluent
in Tallahassee has a price tag of $220 million. The project is designed to
reduce pollution of underground water.

Even those environmental advocates who praise Scott's initiative this year say
it doesn't make up for actions earlier in his term.

In the name of expediting economic growth and development, Scott slashed the
budgets of the state's water management districts, largely responsible for
enforcing anti-water pollution regulations, and dismantled the state Department
of Community Affairs, responsible for state participation in growth management.

With Scott's acquiescence, the state Legislature killed a bill aimed at
protecting springs by requiring inspections of residential septic tanks.

His policy has been to allow businesses to dump pollution into Florida
waterways, letting polluting industries write regulations and getting rid of all
the good people at Department of Environmental Protection, attorney Guest said.

Draper, with Florida Audubon, said Scott appears to be feeling the heat from
that record and is responding.

I think the governor wants to be seen as positive toward the environment, and
recognizes that early in his term, he made some mistakes that gave people the
impression he's not, Draper said.

From his staff, I heard they were concerned about losing the votes of
environmental voters, including Republicans.

They don't tend to be concerned about climate change or alternative energy, but
they do care about the Everglades, water and parks.

wmarch@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7761

Scott

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           January 13, 2005, Thursday

PAY WHAT'S DUE FROM THE ASSEMBLY COFFERS

BYLINE: -COMMENT

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 467 words


Armers were understandably wary when the EU Common Agricultural Policy was
reformed. They had to be convinced that change would be in their interests. The
system was altered to place less emphasis on direct production subsidies and
more on schemes aimed at making farm businesses more viable through
diversification and environmental improvements.

Yesterday's disclosure that a National Assembly suspense account holds more than
£17m that under the old system may well have gone straight into the pockets of
farmers will do little to inspire their confidence. Some of the money was
collected as long ago as April 2001, and while EU rules state that the Assembly
has four years in which to spend it, it seems unfortunate that so much has been
held for so long. Both farming unions have expressed concern at the time it is
taking to distribute the cash.

We hope that the new scheme through which much of the money will be channelled -
Tir Cynnal - will be up and running soon.

This is not, of course, the first time that farmers have complained about late
payments from the Assembly Government. In 2002 serious delays were experienced
by those waiting for compensation payments in connection with the previous
year's foot-and-mouth outbreak. At that time the difficulties were attributed to
a faulty computer system - a fact that came as no consolation to those farmers
who in some cases were facing bankruptcy.

It is too often the case that public authorities operate double standards when
dealing with the public. Quick to demand what is due to them in terms of
taxation and charges, they are sometimes slow to respond when payments are due
from them. This is not, of course, a practice common only in the public sector.
The same often applies in the private sector - and it is usually the case that
larger companies are slower to pay their bills than smaller ones.

Cash flow is frequently linked to interest payments, and there is little doubt
that in both the public and private sectors interest does not always accrue to
the deserving party. In this latest case, the interest gained on £17m over a
period of up to four years is not inconsiderable.

We have a right to expect that the Assembly Government will exercise its
stewardship of public funds efficiently. The Assembly does not, unlike
Westminster, local authorities and community councils have tax-levying powers.
It does, however, spend billions of pounds of our money every year.

Tomorrow, when Sir John Bourn, the Auditor General for Wales, publishes his
report on NHS waiting times in Wales, we are likely to have a further indication
of how well the Assembly Government is discharging its responsibilities. We hope
the report's recommendations are acted upon swiftly by new Health Minister Brian
Gibbons.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 5, 2005 Saturday

Sustainable agriculture gets boost with award

BYLINE: HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: CITY & TOWN

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: BRATTLEBORO


Vern Grubinger, director of The Center for Sustainable Agriculture, can see the
success of his organization. He sees it in the number of farms in the state, and
he sees it in the diversification that Vermont farmers have embraced to survive
in a changing and competitive economic environment.

Still, he admits, it is nice to be recognized.

The New England Board of Education this week awarded The Center for Sustainable
Agriculture with one of its 2005 merit awards. Each of the six New England
states receives an award from NEBHE.

The annual awards are given out to individuals and institutions that contribute
to higher education in the Northeast.

The Center for Sustainable Agriculture is a part of the University of Vermont
Extension. The center's mission is to encourage farming in the state, and most
of the group's work helps farmers become successful. Grubinger said the award is
a nice reminder of his organization's role in education.

"We don't give credit and we don't give degrees, but people keep learning
whether they get a degree or not," said Grubinger. "It is satisfying to get that
recognition."

Before the Center for Sustainable Agriculture started in 1994, UVM had a soil
science department and a dairy program. But there was no unifying center that
brought all of the various elements of agriculture together to help farmers
succeed in a changing climate. Grubinger's program helped do that. There are few
other sustainable agriculture programs in the country.

"Vermont leads the way in this," he said.

The center works with farmers and with academic departments. They help pull
together federal organizations, and private foundation and grant programs to
help Vermont farmers grow and understand an exceedingly complex world.

"Agriculture is not simple. It is a complicated picture and there are no simple
recipes to solve all of the problems," Grubinger said. "The whole idea behind
sustainable agriculture is finding ways to take care of the land and take care
of the family."

Sustainable agriculture, Grubinger said, protects the environment and uses
resources efficiently. It also helps links farmers with their communities. Most
importantly, it helps farmers be profitable. No farm can survive, he said, if
the money going out exceeds the money coming in.

When UVM approved the center in 1994, it only did so on the understanding that
there would be little financial support. Grubinger proudly points to the current
budget that shows only 7 percent of the center's annual income flows from the
university. Most of the funding comes from state and federal grants and through
private donations.

In fiscal year 2004, the center brought in $589,220. The group has only seven
other people beside Grubinger.

One of the biggest changes in Vermont agriculture over the past decade, he said,
is change itself. There are about the same number of farmers in the state today,
that were here a generation ago: About 6,000. Thirty years ago, however, dairy
farmers made up about three-quarters of those farms. Today, dairies only account
for one-quarter. There are more farmers producing vegetables, maple syrup, beef,
honey and cheese than ever.

And that, Grubinger said, is what sustainability is all about.

The marketplace has changed and the buyers are more corporatized and
competitive. It is harder for small farmers to compete in that environment. So
diversity is the key to surviving.

"The future looks positive but it is not without its challenges," he said.
"Consumers want fresh, healthy, local foods and they want the landscape to look
attractive. That bodes well for the support of farming. Agriculture is not
dying," he said. "It is going to be around for a long time."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

State banks see highest-ever lending

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: Ranchi


Ranchi, Aug. 9 -- In a sign of broadening financial inclusion, the ratio of
money lent out to the amount deposited with banks in the State has, for the
first time, crossed the 50 percent mark.

The ratio, known as credit-deposit (CD) ratio, is benchmarked at 60 per cent
nationally. Previously, it hovered around 42.87 per cent before reaching 57.11
in June this year. It has marked an increase of 15 per cent over the last year.

Addressing 34th State Level Banking Committee (SLBC) meeting on Tuesday,
Debabrata Sarkar, executive director of Allahabad Bank, said that the CD ratio
had increased from 34.17 per cent in rural areas in June 2010 to 37.41per cent
this year. In semi-urban areas too, the ratio had shown an improvement from
31.99 per cent to 35.82 per cent over the year.

"Urban areas have reached 55.67 per cent in terms of CD ratio. We have East
Singhbum where the ratio is above 60 per cent," said Sarkar. However, the CD
ratio is below 30 per cent in areas like Chatra, Gumla, Ramgarh, Latehar and
Simdega.

Development commissioner, Debashish Gupta, however observed that increased CD
ratio should not be seen merely as increased flow of money to rural areas since
most corporate offices and business establishments had been shifted to Jharkhand
from Bihar after the separation, hence pushing up lending as those sectors
evolved. "When the State was created the CD ratio was 33 per cent. The increase
is more due to relocations happening after that. On the farming front, a lot
more needs to be done," he said.

Speakers present in the meeting were of the view that good monsoon rains this
year would push the demand for credit in the agriculture sector in the State.
Currently, total agricultural credit of all banks of Jharkhand put together is
at Rs 3662.40 crore, which is only 10.81 per cent of the entire credit lent out
by banks. The national benchmark of agriculture credit is 18 per cent.

The State has set an annual credit plan of '16100.34 crore for the year 2011-12.
The highest share of the ACP would go to total priority sector with '9292.35
crore, while the agriculture sector would get '3035.66 crore.

"Since kharif season is underway, it is the right time for the kharif season
financing under Kisan Credit Card scheme. All banks are advised to organise KCC
disbursement camp to accelerate agriculture lending," said Sarkar.

MK Singh, regional director of the Reserve Bank of India, called for emphasis to
be given to the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) sector. "Fillip
should be to the MSME sector as they are the employment generators. Government
of India and RBI have set a 38-per cent benchmark for this sector. The State
should also follow this." He also emphasised on providing Kissan Credit Cards to
eligible households instead of merely encouraging opening of bank accounts.

"The so-called 100 per cent financial inclusion should be meaningful. There
should not be just a no-frill accounts but it should be supplemented by micro
and macro credit," said Singh.

Underlining rural development as a focal point of the Government, chief
secretary, SK Chaudhary said Jharkhand was passing through a dynamic situation.
"We are putting lot of money in the rural sector. Rural electrification is also
improving with a lot of power plants coming up. In the next few years, the State
would have surplus power generation although it remains to be seen how much of
it will be tapped in Jharkhand. It is up to the banking sector to make credit
easy for industrial and other sectors," he said. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              July 26, 2015 Sunday

In summer, going against the political flow

BYLINE: Alan Guebert

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 581 words


As summer heats up, so too will agriculture's ongoing water quality problems.

On July 10, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) announced
that Lake Erie's algal bloom will be "more severe in 2015" due to "historic
rains in June." On a scale of 1 to 10, forecasts NOAA, this year's bloom will be
8.7, far higher than 2014's mark of 6.5 "when Toledo suffered its drinking water
problem."

The problems don't stop in Ohio.

Iowa's water war -- you may recall that the Des Moines Water Works sued three,
hog-heavy Iowa counties last spring for high nitrate levels it said contaminated
the city's drinking water -- began to boil anew July 7 after The Des Moines
Register published an op-ed by Dennis Keeney, the now-retired, first director of
Iowa State University's Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture.

In it, Keeney, a plainspoken native son as well as a distinguished agronomy
professor at Iowa State and the University of Wisconsin, chides "Midwest
agricultural leaders" and Iowa's politicians for choosing "to ignore the warning
signs" of the state's worsening water quality problems for decades.

He then lists the names of those he says have chosen to "issue a stream of
denials" instead of using their leadership positions for "embracing and
forwarding solutions" to address Iowa's deteriorating water quality over the
last 30 years.

The list includes long-serving Republican Gov. Terry Branstad, the "Farm
Bureau," former Iowa ag secretary Patty Judge, "agricultural industries," and
two previous Democratic governors, Chet Culver and Tom Vilsack, now the U.S.
secretary of agriculture.

"Where were these leaders when action would have helped create an
environmentally sustainable agriculture?" asks Keeney. "(W)eak leadership," he
asserts, "crosses political lines" and "...responds not to the need of the
residents of Iowa, but to the need to keep Iowa agriculture humming along on its
pathway to industrial domination."

So, Keeney writes, no one should be surprised that the Des Moines Water Works
lawsuit is "now directed to the agricultural industry..." In fact, "This is a
long time coming."

What wasn't a long time coming was a smoking hot reply from Secretary of
Agriculture Vilsack. The Register posted his response on its website less than
24 hours after Keeney lit the fire under the water kettle.

Vilsack noted that he was "disappointed" by the op-ed because, first as
governor, then as secretary, he had "made water quality a state priority." In
fact, he had established Iowa's first "comprehensive water monitoring program,"
sponsored its first "Water Quality Summit," and helped shepherd $2.2 billion in
federal money to "Iowa alone" for conservation programs since taking over the
U.S. Department of Agriculture in 2009.

And, suggest the four, "A good place to pilot [or test] farm-level quality plans
would be in the Iowa drainage districts being sued by the Des Moines Water Works
for discharging nitrate into the Raccoon River."

That's a rock-solid idea that could get farmers and municipalities to work
together to begin to address today's big-and-getting-bigger water quality
problems while preempting lengthy, costly and -- like the just-confirmed
American Farm Bureau-financed Chesapeake Bay appellate defeat -- losing
lawsuits.

Mr. Secretary, your turn.

Alan Guebert lives in Delavan. The Farm and Food File is published weekly
through the U.S. and Canada. Past columns, events and contact information are
posted at www.farmandfoodfile.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Pantagraph


                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                               September 15, 2005
                                    GENERAL

Government must be consistent

SECTION: CMAN; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 464  words


IT SHOULD have been Consumer and Employment Protection Minister John Kobelke,
not Agriculture Minister Kim Chance, who announced an assistance package for EG
Green and Sons' abattoir workers last week.

After all, it appears the announcement was more about the Meat Workers Union
than farmers.

The package has two components - a grant of up to $1.55 million to assist
workers to retrain and/or relocate to new employment, and a $1.8 million
short-term loan to the administrator of EG Green and Sons to enable the early
payment of worker entitlements.

It is the latter that presents problems. It's not that the workers are owed
wages for work, it is for holiday pay, redundancy and long service leave.

As the name suggests, it is money the workers are entitled to. That's not
disputed, but should they go to the front of the queue to get those entitlements
when others are waiting to be paid?

"Without the $1.8 million loan, workers would have had to wait up to three
months before legal entitlements, such as accrued holiday pay, could be paid
from company cash flow," Mr Chance said when releasing the package.

It would be a harrowing time for those workers, and there is an argument that
this loan will help with some financial breathing space as they seek new
employment.

But what of the farmers who supplied EG Green, but are yet to be paid?

If a worker is entitled to early access to his/her holiday pay, isn't a supplier
entitled to payment for his/her product?

The current period is just as harrowing for those suppliers, perhaps even more.

While the workers have been paid a weekly wage for their toil, the farmers
haven't.

Their cattle cheque is their weekly wage. And many of those who supplied to EG
Green would have incurred extra debt to buy the cattle and grain to enable them
to supply cattle to the abattoir.

Surely, if there is a hardship case to be made for the workers, there is a case
for the suppliers.

The Government did well to stay out of the EG Green saga.

While it must have been tempted to help prop up the abattoir, given its
importance to both Harvey and WA's cattle industry, it would have sent the wrong
message and would have subsidised that plant at the expense of some of the
State's other processors.

But now the Government has chosen to intervene, even in a small way, it has to
be consistent with its promises.

One of the reasons given by Minister Chance for the loan is that it would help
lessen the downturn in commercial activity in the Harvey area.

If farmers haven't been paid for outputs, and have outstanding loans to cover
their inputs, they won't spend money in their local communities either.

The Government has no obligation to intervene and help either Harvey Beef's
workers or suppliers. But if it chooses to do so, it has to be even-handed and
consistent.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Weber Co. seeks money to allay flood fears

BYLINE: Amy Joi O'Donoghue Deseret News

LENGTH: 455 words


By Amy Joi

O'Donoghue

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - Record or near record snowpack, combined with rain on snow
events, sent torrents of water gushing down the Weber River in the spring of
2011, turning front yards and pastures into ponds and damaging businesses and
homes.

The network of ditches, drainages and levees were so full of silt and debris
that water flowed east toward Ogden instead of its natural course to the Great
Salt Lake.

"We were plugged," said Weber County's Lance Peterson, director of emergency
management. "We had to breach four roads just to get the water to flow out to
the northern arm of the Great Salt Lake."

Those waters have long receded, but the fears over fresh flooding have not - a
concern amplified by crops of new subdivisions replacing farm fields in the
lowlands of Weber County.

Peterson pressed a committee of state lawmakers Tuesday to pony up $4 million to
pay for continuing flood mitigation work to prevent a repeat of 2011.

The persistent crush of water rushing through Summit and Morgan counties, and
into Weber County, chewed away at the banks of the Weber River even as water
managers slowed releases from an elaborate system of eight mountain reservoirs
and dams.

Peterson said there were 43 places along the river that needed bank
stabilization and three businesses generating $1 million per month were
flooding.

In the 4 ½ years since the flood, Peterson said crews have continued to remove
silt and debris, but the progress has been slow and there are miles to go.

Sen. Scott Jenkins, a Republican lawmaker from western Weber County's Plain
City, said he could attest to the flooding phenomenon that swept through farm
fields and dairies nearly five years ago.

"This is only a short distance from my house. It was interesting to go down
there when this event was taking place. It is an amazing thing. When those
waters start coming, you can't stop them," Jenkins said.

There was one point when a U.S. Geological Survey line on a stream flow graph
shot vertical in Morgan County because the volume of water jumped so high.
Farmers were using small trolling boats or canoes to reach barns and other
outbuildings.

"It is the darndest thing you've ever seen," Jenkins said. "It is just beyond
belief to watch. It doesn't happen very often, but when it does, it is totally
100 percent out of control."

Funding for flood mitigation was among multiple funding requests for new money
presented to the Natural Resources, Agriculture and Environment Appropriations
Subcommittee, including $950,000 for more work and research in the water
conservation arena, and money for state parks to beef up capacity at places such
as Red Fleet and Steinaker reservoirs.

Email: amyjoi@deseretnews.com

Twitter: amyjoi16

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 17, 1998 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

State seeks aid for frost zone

BYLINE: BEN MITCHELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 463 words


The State Government will seek special Commonwealth assistance for
frost-affected farmers in Victoria's north after lifting the estimated financial
impact of the freeze to between $800 million and $1billion.

The Agriculture Minister and Deputy Premier, Mr Pat McNamara, said the state
would lodge a claim for "exceptional circumstances" assistance after a night of
sub-zero temperatures last month wiped out $200 million of crops in the Wimmera.

After visiting the region at the weekend, Mr McNamara said the state believed
the flow-on effects from the freeze could be as high as $1 billion.

"Every furniture store was relying on a new lounge suite, restaurants and car
dealerships expected sales, let alone those businesses directly involved in
rural business, like farm machinery suppliers," Mr McNamara said.

"If you anticipate $200 million not being spent in the Wimmera and then those
businesses that get that trade (not) spending their share of the $200 million,
before the money leaves that area you might have a multiple that pushes you up
to between $800 million and $1 billion."

The claim for exceptional circumstances assistance, which includes low-interest
loans, household-support payments, counselling services and subsidised education
for affected farmers, will be lodged after the federal Agriculture Minister, Mr
Mark Vaile, visits the Wimmera this week.

The State Government estimates that between 60 per cent and 70 per cent of the
Wimmera's wheat and grain crops were destroyed in the six-hour freeze on
28October when temperatures dropped as low as minus seven.

Farmers growing peas, chickpeas, beans and lentils have lost about 90 per cent
of their crops, according to the Government estimates. The freeze also destroyed
about 40 per cent of the canola crop.

Mr McNamara will also meet the banks to discuss the crisis and try to ensure
that affected farmers are given "breathing space" to cope with the loss of their
crops.

"Many farmers have taken put futures contracts," he said. "Now those contracts
have to be delivered on or bought out. These farmers are going to need big money
to pay out those. The main thing is to get them through to next season."

Mr McNamara said farmers also would have hanging over their properties deferred
payments for fertiliser or machinery that would have been paid with proceeds
from crop sales.

The exceptional circumstances claim will also cover farmers in the northern
Mallee whose crops have failed for four of the past five seasons.

The Victorian Farmers Federation has scheduled a series of town meetings for the
Wimmera to bring affected communities together.

The President of the VFF's Grains Group, Mr Warwick McClelland, said the freeze
had a bigger psychological impact than a drought because the crops were
destroyed overnight.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1998 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           September 15, 2003 Monday

Cities urged to help revive river

BYLINE: By Chief Political Reporter PAUL STARICK in Canberra

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 416 words


THE Federal Government wants to see cities cut water use in an attempt to help
the River Murray.

Agriculture Minister Warren Truss yesterday declared water restrictions might
have "a continuing role" once the drought was over but voluntary conservation
would be preferable.

City water users needed to seriously consider more recycling of "grey" waste
water and stormwater.

"I think we do need to have incentives to use our water wisely," Mr Truss said.

"We do need to have an attitude, a community attitude, of saving water.

"Therefore, I think it's reasonable that city water users also look at ways in
which they can use their water more frugally."

Mr Truss, the Murray Darling Basin Ministerial Council chairman, said state and
federal governments would meet in November to decide the first steps in
returning water to the river system.

This will be the first part of the $500 million national package to revive the
river agreed to at last month's Council of Australian Governments meeting.

Mr Truss said initial conservation measures would be designed to return water to
the river without adversely affecting irrigators, water utilities or other
users.

Volumes were likely to be relatively small compared to the eventual target of
restoring up to 1500 gigalitres in environmental flow.

Mr Truss said there were no specific aims yet for what parts of the river system
would be first to receive extra flows.

Decisions on subsequent increased flows are expected to be made next year,
possibly even after the COAG meets again in March.

A program of community consultation and scientific assessment, called the Living
Murray, has been delayed and reports will not be ready until next year.

Mr Truss and the architect of last month's historic water trading rights scheme,
Deputy Prime Minister John Anderson, repeatedly have said that the Government
will not make decisions on extra flows without scientific advice.

Mr Truss said ministers would need to consider engineering and environmental
solutions, raising the prospect of sand barriers or channels to help keep open
the Murray mouth at Goolwa.

South Australia is contributing $65 million to the Murray rescue plan proposed
by Prime Minister John Howard.

It involves buying water back from irrigators while also encouraging scientific
conservation measures.

The money will be paid into a River Murray Environmental Trust, which will
manage the process of restoring 500 gigalitres in flows over five years.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Dayton's signatures on budget bills avert shutdown

BYLINE: RICARDO LOPEZ; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 736 words



HIGHLIGHT: Post-midnight talks sealed the deals on environment, education and
energy bills.


Gov. Mark Dayton signed the final three budget bills approved by the Legislature
in the early hours of Saturday morning, ending the potential for a partial
government shutdown that threatened the livelihoods of nearly 9,500 state
workers.

Those final bills funded public schools, economic development and energy
programs and the departments of agriculture and natural resources. He has signed
three other bills as well: a $373 million public works bonding bill, Legacy
legislation that distributes sales tax proceeds for clean water, natural
resources, arts and cultural heritage initiatives, and a bill that makes
technical corrections to other legislation.

"As I have noted before, a sign of true compromise is that no one is happy with
it," Dayton said. He expressed dismay at the final version of the environmental
protection bill that emerged from the Legislature, calling it "terrible."

He criticized Republicans for policy provisions that fellow DFLers attempted
late Friday to undo, including the elimination of a citizens' board at the
Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA).

"There won't be a citizens' board, which I regret," Dayton said, adding that he
will champion environmentalists' causes moving forward.

One positive outcome of the special session, he said, "is that the remaining
surplus, combined with the budgeted reserve and cash flow account, has left the
state with a positive balance of almost $2.5 billion. It stands in welcome
contrast to the financial uncertainties of recent years."

Despite the makeup of the Legislature - a Republican-led House and a DFL-led
Senate - "legislators achieved significant progress," he said.

Tightly packed into temporary quarters for the special session because of
massive renovations at the Capitol, Minnesota's political leaders worked into
the early morning Saturday to finish voting on nearly half the $42 billion
two-year state budget.

Their work, which began Friday morning, included a struggle over a spending and
policy plan for environmental and agricultural programs, with the House and
Senate volleying versions late into the night before it was approved, avoiding a
state government shutdown.

Friday was a long and unusual day at the Capitol, with nearly 200 state senators
and representatives - a handful was absent - jammed into two committee hearing
rooms in the lower level of the State Office Building for the overtime session.
Dayton had called the session Thursday night, summoning lawmakers to vote on
replacements for three spending bills he vetoed at the end of last month's
regular session.

The environmental protection bill, which pitted a coalition of DFL senators
against their majority leader and the governor, carried Dayton's last priority
from the regular session - a requirement that farmers install natural buffers
along lakes, creeks and rivers to block pollutants. To retain that victory,
after seeing his preschool and transportation proposals go down to defeat,
Dayton was forced to make trade-offs with House Republicans to preserve the
buffer language.

Those concessions, which included elimination of the MPCA's Citizens' Board,
deflated environmentalists and prompted Dayton's criticism on Saturday of the
legislation as "terrible."

In floor speeches Friday, Sen. John Marty, DFL-Roseville, called the bill
"environmental vandalism." Sen. Scott Dibble, DFL-Minneapolis, called it "a
historic step backwards." The Citizens' Board was unusual in that it had a
determining voice on regulatory decisions, and was seen as a vehicle for greater
public involvement in environmental oversight.

Earlier Friday, House Republicans and DFLers bickered over the public schools
funding bill that derailed the regular session on its last night, as the two
sides fought over total spending. With a nearly $2 billion projected budget
surplus this year, Dayton had sought a hefty school spending hike, including
$350 million to provide universal prekindergarten classes at schools statewide.

Republicans first approved a $400 million school spending increase. Dayton
eventually bargained them up to $525 million, but with no money for universal
prekindergarten, and a much smaller sprinkling of cash for early learning
programs. Most of the new money goes to 2 percent increases in each of the next
two years in per-pupil state aid payments to schools.

Star Tribune staff writer Patrick Condon contributed to this report.

Ricardo Lopez · 651-925-5042

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                           February 28, 2000, Monday

The tap of leadership turned off at the source  /  MURRAY IN CRISIS

BYLINE: TIM FISHER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 627 words


WHAT have we done to the Murray River? It's time we face up to the facts and
show this great river some respect.

We've put dams and weirs in every possible place. We take so much water that on
average only 20 per cent of the Murray's flows ever reach the sea.

We've drained wetlands, altered flows and destroyed riverine habitat. Native
fish, frogs and waterbirds are in decline, while introduced carp thrive. Murray
cod, a fish of folklore, is heading for extinction.

We're still clearing the land for agriculture, destroying habitat, raising water
tables and moving salt to the Murray. On current trends, Adelaide's tap water
will be too salty to drink within 50 years.

And we use the Murray as a drain for polluted farm run-off, sewage and salt.
Toxic blooms of blue-green algae are now an everyday event.

In 1995, the Australian Conservation Foundation surveyed scientists on what the
Murray needed most. The answer was clear -- more water and lots of it.
Environmental flows.

We take too much water from the rivers. Irrigated agriculture takes most --
rice, dairy, cotton and horticulture. Water means money, and irrigation is a
multi-billion-dollar industry. While the Murray and its tributaries need more
water, irrigators and their state governments don't want to give it up.

The problem with the Murray is it requires consensus between three states --
Victoria, NSW and South Australia. They have squabbled over everything about the
Murray, with each taking as much water as possible. The big loser has been the
river.

By the 1990s, the outlook for the Murray was grim. In a historic turnaround, the
Murray states agreed to cap water use, the first step in restoring the Murray
Darling to health.

But the experts tell us this cap isn't enough -- the Murray needs much more
water if it is to survive. A tri-state process will begin thrashing out the
question of environmental flows. But where is the commonwealth on this national
issue?

Commitment has been lacking from federal governments of both persuasions. The
Commonwealth Natural Heritage Trust has failed to fix the big problems -- river
flows, salinity and land clearance. And while Environment Minister Robert Hill
has been vocal in his support for action, we're yet to see any leadership from
this Government in restoring the Murray to health.

This brings us to the Snowy River, whose waters were diverted inland by the
Snowy Mountains scheme for power and irrigation. While the Snowy community has
fought to get its river back, Senator Hill -- a South Australian -- has
dismissed their plight as a mere "romantic notion".

Let's get this straight. More water is lost in the process of supplying the
Murray Valley irrigators than Sydney and Melbourne use each year.

What the Murray and the Snowy need most is political will.

Tim Fisher is a campaigner for the Australian Conservation Foundation.

...

Key dates

March 2-3, 2000: NSW Salinity summit, a meeting of stakeholders including the
Carr Government, farmers, environmentalists, Aboriginal groups.

March 31, 2000: Final submissions expected by South Australian parliamentary
committee inquiry on Murray River. Focus on environmental flow management.

May, 2000: Four federal ministers -- Environment Minister Robert Hill, Treasurer
Peter Costello, Deputy Prime Minister John Anderson and Primary Industries
Minister Warren Truss -- due to submit to cabinet a natural resource management
paper outlining the future of the Murray River.

June, 2000: Murray-Darling Salinity Strategy to be released by Murray Darling
Basin Commission.

June, 2000: Federal government request for Environment Impact Assessment of
Snowy Hydro scheme, including impact on Murray River water allocations, due for
completion.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Hedge funds see gold growing in the soil;
Window on Wall Street

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1092 words

ABSTRACT

A growing group of sophisticated investors and bankers are combining crops and
the soil they grow in into an asset class aimed at ordinary investors..

FULL TEXT

His boots were caked with mud when Thomas S.T. Gimbel, a longtime hedge fund
executive, slipped in a strawberry patch. It was the plumpness of a strawberry
that had distracted him.

Mr. Gimbel, who once headed the hedge fund division of Credit Suisse, now spends
more time discussing crop yields than stock or bond yields.

He is the man on the ground for a group of investors - including New York's
biggest real estate dynasty, two Florida sugar barons and the founder of a
multibillion-dollar investment firm - who have been buying farms across the
United States through a real estate investment trust called the American
Farmland Company.

Hedge funds are not new to farmland. For nearly a decade they have scoured the
corners of the globe for cheap land as food prices have soared, positioning
themselves to profit from the growing demand. Hedge funds now have $14 billion
invested in farmland, according to the data provider Preqin.

But in the latest twist, a small but growing group of sophisticated investors
and bankers is combining crops and the soil they grow in into an asset class
that ordinary investors can buy a piece of.

Farmland Partners and the Gladstone Land Corporation, two real estate investment
trusts that also own and lease farmland, are already trading on the Nasdaq
Stock Market.

For now, American Farmland is a private company, and its founder, D.Dixon
Boardman, is pitching the vision to Wall Street. Corn, cotton, lemons, walnuts,
avocados: If it grows in the ground and has an attractive income stream, he is
peddling it.

''It's like gold, but better, because there is this cash flow,'' Mr. Boardman
said. The income stream comes from the rent farmers pay American Farmland and
also often includes a share of the revenue from the crops.

Down the line, if American Farmland follows the same path as Farmland Partners
and Gladstone Land and lists on a public exchange, Mr. Boardman will have
another audience to pitch his vision to: ordinary investors.

American Farmland has spent $131 million on 16 farms and more than 11,000 acres
of tillable land. It's a small start, but Mr. Boardman, Mr. Gimbel and their
partners have large ambitions.

They are competing with investors that have huge war chests. Alaska's state
pension fund, for example, had $485.9 million invested in farmland last year.
The world's biggest asset manager, BlackRock, has $180 million of its clients'
money in an agricultural fund, according to Preqin.

The latest wave of interest was generated by the 2008 financial crisis. As
global food prices soared and opportunities to buy land abounded, investors like
BlackRock, Whitebox Advisors, Ospraie Management and George Soros's hedge fund,
Soros Fund Management, offered their clients ways to invest in the heartland.
Investors were wary of the exotic sliced-and-diced securities that had
contributed to the crisis, and farmland seemed more tangible.

''It was a major inflection point,'' said Philippe de Lapérouse, managing
director for the agriculture consulting firm HighQuest Partners. ''At that time,
investors were looking at farmland as an attractive asset to hold.''

Many individual investors were soon presented with a different challenge:
Farmland can be difficult to sell quickly. Some hedge funds stopped offering
agriculture investments. But the flow of money from some of America's largest
pension funds has remained steady.

Wall Street's foray into farmland may present its own challenges. Shares in
Farmland Partners and Gladstone Land have been volatile, indicating investor
uncertainty. ''It's a question of whether it is really in the long term
something that's going to appeal to investors,'' Mr. de Lapérouse said.

Mr. Boardman and his partners  think it will. Mr. Gimbel said, ''It's unlike any
other asset class.''

American Farmland teamed up with Prudential's agricultural investment arm,
Capital Agricultural Property Services, which runs a farm management and real
estate brokerage business. The unit provides loans to farmers and manages
farmland, giving American Farmland access to information in an often opaque real
estate market.

American Farmland and other Wall Street firms could soon crowd the heartland.
''I probably have a call from an interested party once a day, someone who has
never invested in farmland,'' said T.Marc Schober, a partner at Colvin &
Company, which connects buyers and sellers of farmland.

Todd H. Kuethe, an assistant professor of land economics at the University of
Illinois, said that at agriculture conferences, which were once the domain of
farmers and industry insiders, a majority of participants are now institutional
investors, venture capitalists and hedge fund managers.

''The share of bank and financial representatives who really want to know what
is going on is now surpassing farmers,'' Mr. Kuethe said. ''I think there are
more folks sitting around with money to buy than there is farmland.''

The value of farmland in the United States has appreciated on average by 8.4
percent over the last year and by 4.7 percent annually since 1990, according to
an index from the National Council of Real Estate Investment Fiduciaries.

But not everyone thinks farmland values will continue to rise endlessly.

''You can certainly overpay for farmland, and if crop prices declined for
whatever reason - for example because of some type of natural disaster - there
are all sorts of reasons why, all of a sudden, the income stream does not
support the price you paid for a piece of land,'' said Jeffrey R. Havsy, the
director of research for the council.

And as the financial world's interest in farmland grows, some observers have
raised concerns about the new landowners' switching to crops that pay better but
that work the soil too hard and use up precious resources like water. In
California, for example, a recent move toward nut trees has put pressure on
already constrained water resources during a severe drought.

These concerns are likely to increase as more farmland changes hands from
farmers to corporations.

But to Mr. de Lapérouse, whose HighQuest Partners started Global AgInvesting, a
series of conferences  around the world, the current level of interest is just
the beginning.

''Less than 1 percent of global farmland is owned by institutional investors,''
Mr. de Lapérouse said. ''So even if you quintupled that, it would be a major sea
change, but it's still only a little territory.''

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Agriculture can farm out economy

BYLINE:  STAFF REPORT

SECTION: Vol. II No. 287

LENGTH: 624  words


Muhammad Ashraf Khan, Executive Director, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has
emphasized upon the banks to adopt agricultural financing as a viable business
activity for the development of the agriculture sector in the country.

Presiding over a one-day 'Farmers' Financial Literacy & Awareness Program on
Agricultural Financing,' which was jointly organized by State Bank and Habib
Bank Ltd. today at NRSP Training Center, Bahawalpur, he said the agriculture
sector has a key role in country's economy and stressed the need for making
necessary finances available to farmers for multiple cropping activities. He
outlined SBP's efforts for creating awareness amongst the farming community and
developing capacity of commercial banks through its various training and
awareness programmes.

Prof. Dr. Muhammad Mukhtar, Vice Chancellor, Islamia University Bahalwalpur, who
was the Chief Guest at the inaugural session, appreciated State Bank's
initiative to promote farmers' financial literacy and stressed the need to
synergise the efforts of all stakeholders to improve access to credit especially
to the agriculture sector. He said that academia can play an important role in
improving credit culture and in creating awareness among the farming community.

Dr. Saeed Ahmed, Head, Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department, SBP said
the programme is aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about
agriculture financing products & services offered by banks, money management
techniques and lending procedures, documentations, etc. Besides, it would also
develop capacity of agriculture field officers of banks in agri. financing and
synergize the efforts of all stakeholders including policy makers, executing
agencies, service providers & farming community to improve access to
agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional initiatives and
policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent increase in the
flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs. 137.4 billion in 2005-06 to
Rs. 263 billion in 2010-11.

However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging growth, the disbursement to
the agriculture sector was around 40% of the total estimated credit
requirements. 'SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to 70-80 percent
during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by adopting a
multipronged strategy,' he added.

The inaugural session was followed by a technical session for the agricultural
credit staff of banks in which senior officials of SBP and HBL made detailed
presentations on dynamics of agriculture finance and related policies. The
purpose of this session was to train the agriculture finance officials of banks
enabling them to conduct farmers' financial literacy programs at their end and
to share the best practices in agriculture lending with the participants.

A farmers' session was also held to educate the farming community about the
products and services offered by financial institutions, their rights and duties
as customers of financial institutions, consumer protection as well as money
management skills to enable them to use their limited financial resources in a
prudent manner. This session was attended by a large gathering of farmers from
adjoining areas of Bahawalpur. The officials of SBP and senior management of HBL
present on the occasion responded to various queries raised by the local farming
community and apprised them about the future plans/initiatives for improving
access to agriculture finance.

The program was attended, among others, by Mr. Khadim Hussain, Chief Manager,
SBP BSC Bahawalpur, bankers, officials of Agriculture Extension Department and
farmers' representatives, besides other senior officials of SBP and SBP BSC,
Bahawalpur.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Agriculture can farm out economy

BYLINE:  STAFF REPORT

SECTION: Vol. II No. 287

LENGTH: 624  words


Muhammad Ashraf Khan, Executive Director, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has
emphasized upon the banks to adopt agricultural financing as a viable business
activity for the development of the agriculture sector in the country.

Presiding over a one-day 'Farmers' Financial Literacy & Awareness Program on
Agricultural Financing,' which was jointly organized by State Bank and Habib
Bank Ltd. today at NRSP Training Center, Bahawalpur, he said the agriculture
sector has a key role in country's economy and stressed the need for making
necessary finances available to farmers for multiple cropping activities. He
outlined SBP's efforts for creating awareness amongst the farming community and
developing capacity of commercial banks through its various training and
awareness programmes.

Prof. Dr. Muhammad Mukhtar, Vice Chancellor, Islamia University Bahalwalpur, who
was the Chief Guest at the inaugural session, appreciated State Bank's
initiative to promote farmers' financial literacy and stressed the need to
synergise the efforts of all stakeholders to improve access to credit especially
to the agriculture sector. He said that academia can play an important role in
improving credit culture and in creating awareness among the farming community.

Dr. Saeed Ahmed, Head, Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department, SBP said
the programme is aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about
agriculture financing products & services offered by banks, money management
techniques and lending procedures, documentations, etc. Besides, it would also
develop capacity of agriculture field officers of banks in agri. financing and
synergize the efforts of all stakeholders including policy makers, executing
agencies, service providers & farming community to improve access to
agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional initiatives and
policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent increase in the
flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs. 137.4 billion in 2005-06 to
Rs. 263 billion in 2010-11.

However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging growth, the disbursement to
the agriculture sector was around 40% of the total estimated credit
requirements. 'SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to 70-80 percent
during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by adopting a
multipronged strategy,' he added.

The inaugural session was followed by a technical session for the agricultural
credit staff of banks in which senior officials of SBP and HBL made detailed
presentations on dynamics of agriculture finance and related policies. The
purpose of this session was to train the agriculture finance officials of banks
enabling them to conduct farmers' financial literacy programs at their end and
to share the best practices in agriculture lending with the participants.

A farmers' session was also held to educate the farming community about the
products and services offered by financial institutions, their rights and duties
as customers of financial institutions, consumer protection as well as money
management skills to enable them to use their limited financial resources in a
prudent manner. This session was attended by a large gathering of farmers from
adjoining areas of Bahawalpur. The officials of SBP and senior management of HBL
present on the occasion responded to various queries raised by the local farming
community and apprised them about the future plans/initiatives for improving
access to agriculture finance.

The program was attended, among others, by Mr. Khadim Hussain, Chief Manager,
SBP BSC Bahawalpur, bankers, officials of Agriculture Extension Department and
farmers' representatives, besides other senior officials of SBP and SBP BSC,
Bahawalpur.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 26, 2008 Friday

As economy slows, so does flow of money sent home

BYLINE: Sabrina Tavernise - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 863 words

DATELINE: TOSH-TEPPA, Tajikistan


In poverty-stricken Tajikistan, the global financial crisis is measured in bags
of flour.

At least that is how Bibisoro Sayidova sees it, as she looks for ways to feed
her five children, since her husband, a migrant worker in Russia, stopped
receiving his wages this autumn. Now he is loading large sacks of dried fruit in
Moscow on faith.

''Sometimes I cry when the kids don't have socks or coats,'' she said, mixing a
stew of water, bread, onion and oil. ''We're still hoping he'll get paid.''

The financial crisis that is in full swing in the world's developed countries is
only beginning to reach the poorest, and labor migrants, with feet in both
worlds, are among the first to feel it.

Flows of migrant money to developing countries, known as remittances, began to
slow this autumn, the first moderation after years of double-digit growth,
according to the World Bank. The slowdown is expected to turn into a decline of
1 percent to 5 percent in 2009, when the full effect of the crisis hits.

Some are already feeling it. Mexico, for example, is likely to have a 4 percent
decline in the flows of migrant money in 2008, according to World Bank
estimates. The biggest declines next year are expected in the Middle East and
North Africa, because of economic slowdowns in the Gulf states and Europe.

''There's definitely a serious moderation in the growth of remittances,'' said
Dilip Ratha, a senior economist at the World Bank who tracks migrant money
flows.

The decline will be less severe than for other flows, like foreign investment,
Ratha said, but its effects will be amplified in countries like Tajikistan that
have come to depend on rapidly growing remittances. The country will rank first
in the world in 2008 for remittances as a portion of its economy - 54 percent -
according to an estimate by the International Monetary Fund.

''The Tajik economy is not sustainable without migration,'' Ratha said. ''It is
not diversified. People are the most important resource they have.''

The reason goes back to the Soviet collapse, when factories closed, subsidies
from Moscow dried up and villages like Tosh-Teppa, 40 kilometers, or 25 miles,
north of Afghanistan, were left to rot. More than 80 percent of the population
lived on less than about $2 a day, and Tajiks began to export the only thing
they had: themselves.

''The population has been completely abandoned by the state,'' said Paul
Quinn-Judge, who runs the International Crisis Group's Central Asian program.
''When it comes to providing for basic needs - healthy drinking water, heat in
winter - they are utterly failing.''

The money the migrants sent back was a lifeline. When Borun, a 42-year-old with
a degree in agriculture, first went to work in Russia, a vicious civil war had
just ended, and his family was eating corncobs to survive. When his two children
came down with malaria, there was no money to take them to a hospital, and they
died after a local medical office gave them all that it had: aspirin and
mosquito netting.

''We would have died without that money,'' said his mother, Umiyavi, 59. Like
many people interviewed for this article, Borun was afraid to give his last name
for fear the Russian authorities would refuse to let him back in to work.

When oil profits were high, workers from Central Asia, the Caucasus and Eastern
Europe poured into Russian cities - as many as 10 million by some estimates -
making Russia the country with the second-largest immigrant population, after
the United States.

Like most Tajiks working in Russia - 700,000 to one million people - Borun
worked in construction. It was one of the sectors hit hardest by the credit
crunch and falling oil prices this autumn. Borun's wages for a job renovating
the Lenin Museum in Moscow were delayed. In November, his employer paid up, but
then immediately fired him.

''They said those who came from abroad have to go,'' Borun said, shivering in a
thin jacket in his small house in Khodja-Durbod, a village near Tosh-Teppa.
About 300 workers were fired, he said, mostly Tajiks and Uzbeks.

Economists do not expect effects to be felt broadly in labor markets until well
into next year, but the trend of booming remittances has clearly ended. In
Tajikistan, remittances rose just 1 percent in November, compared with the same
month last year, according to the IMF, down sharply from a record growth rate of
about 90 percent early this year.

Still, migrants do not seem to be giving up and returning home, which is the
biggest worry for Western governments that see large numbers of poor, unemployed
men just north of Afghanistan as a potential security risk. Instead, people
interviewed over three days last week said they would dig in further to hold on
to any chance for a job, particularly if the Russian authorities made good on
threats to reduce their numbers.

Borun's oldest son, Saidghufron, is an exception. He worked for a few months
gathering scrap metal in Moscow when he was 16. The experience was so painful
that he returned to Tajikistan and began riding his bicycle 20 kilometers every
morning to a better school.

''He saw the way we lived, without respect,'' Borun said bitterly. ''He doesn't
want to be like his father.''

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

U.S. offers more funds to farms to aid lake

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Aug. 14--Farmers in Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana will have access to another $5
million to help them pay for the cost of cover crops and other steps to try to
prevent chemical fertilizers from seeping into Western Lake Erie and generating
another algae crisis, the U.S. Department of Agriculture will officially
announce today.

The money will help farmers put in place practices that help stop the flow of
topsoil into the rivers and ultimately into Lake Erie.

Phosphorus mixed in that sediment is blamed for feeding the harmful algae that
compromised Toledo's water supply last year.

U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio) said it was based on his urging that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture found the additional funds.

In a letter last month to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Mr. Brown urged the
release of additional money from the Environmental Quality Incentive Program
when thousands of acres went unplanted this year because of excessive rain in
parts of the watershed.

"We need to stop runoff before it starts. EQIP ensures that farmers can take
actions to preserve water quality and prevent runoff that can cause harmful
algal blooms," Mr. Brown said.

Jason Weller, chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, told The
Blade on Thursday said the money had been earmarked in other areas of the
country but was not used and so could be transferred to improve water quality in
western Lake Erie.

He said that from 2009 to 2014, the agency paid farmers $57 million, to be
equally matched by farm owners, for conservation practices.

He said most contracts with farmers are for  $10,000 to $50,000.

Those practices include planting cover crops, adding gypsum to soil,
implementing conservation tillage or no-till systems on crop fields, installing
agricultural drainage water management systems, and implementing nutrient
management plans.

"Farmers have put in tens of millions of dollars out of their own pockets to put
in place practices that protect water quality," Mr. Weller said.

He said three Natural Resources Conservation Service "investments" since 2009
have reduced phosphorus loss from farms by 39 percent. That means a reduction in
eroded sediment of 488,000 tons a year. Mr. Weller said that's enough soil to
fill a train as long as the distance from Toledo to Sandusky.

Even though growing a winter crop only protects the soil for one season, Mr.
Weller said the hope is that farmers see the benefit in regulating water
infiltration in their soil and improving carbon content.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's news release says the cause of algae blooms
is complex, including water temperature, lack of agitation, rainfall and runoff
from farms and lawns, zebra mussels, and the impacts of climate change.

Contact Tom Troy: tomtroy@theblade.com or 419-724-6058 or on Twitter @TomFTroy.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150814-TO-U-S-offers-more-funds-to-farms-to-aid-lake-0814-20150814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           December 21, 1996 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Let the river flow

BYLINE: David Elias

SECTION: NEWS; News Extra; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1642 words


FOR THE farmers along the Murray it was a crisis; their pastures inundated and
their crops damaged by the precautionary release of billions of litres of water
after the wall of the Hume Dam shifted.

For the river, it was a return to the way nature intended it, a spring-time
flushing that coincided with the end of an extraordinarily wet winter and the
melt of alpine snow.

While the farmer cursed, the ecologist was happy.

"It provided native fish with the best chance in decades to breathe," said Mr
Tim Fisher of the Australian Conservation Foundation.

But it surprised the Barmah Forest's dwindling colonies of egrets and herons
which need flood waters to breed.

"It took them too long to cotton on to the flood, probably because they were not
used to it. They failed to breed and have abandoned the nests," he said.

Before nature could re-adjust to its natural course, conditions had started to
return to their unnatural norm; to a state of deepening crisis that is going to
take at least five years and up to a billion dollars to arrest.

When business resumes after the Christmas break, Parliament will create the
Natural Heritage Trust legislation needed to funnel the proceeds of the part
sale of Telstra to a series of major environmental works.

The trust will then pass $163 million to Project 2001, an ambitious program of
ecological renovation across four states.

It will be a brave bid to save Australia's most important agricultural region,
the Murray-Darling basin, from the damage caused by 200 years of European
settlement.

Together the Murray and the Darling and its tributaries make up one of the
world's biggest and longest water courses, but today it is less of a river
system than an overworked network of irrigation channels.

Superbly engineered dams and weirs, man-made lakes and other diversions have so
altered the natural flow that everything happens in reverse order. Winter and
spring rains are stored for release to irrigators in the summer.

Only one out of every five drops of rain that enter the 19 catchments finds an
unhindered path to the sea. The rest is diverted, mostly on to pastures across
more than one million square kilometres.

The development of the basin into the nation's bread basket, estimated to be
worth $35 billion a year to the Australian economy, has come at an exorbitant
cost to the environment.

"Since 1788 we have been running it down in a way that simply cannot continue,"
says Mr Barry Reville, director of natural resources management at the governing
Murray-Darling Basin Commission.

"It is geologically delicate but until recently we didn't know how delicate and
there is still a lot we are finding out. Eighteen thousand years ago it was a
saline wasteland over which native vegetation has grown and provided stability.
Through irrigation and farming, we have removed the surface and raised the water
table and the salt has reappeared."

To salt add silt, erosion, farm effluent, pesticides, nutrients, introduced
species of fish and plants and the drains that once were clean rivers are
verging on becoming little more than sewers.

Native fish, frogs and plants are disappearing, even the unique platypus is
being reduced, and in summer the toxic blue green algae emerges.

Mr Don Blackmore, the chief executive of the Murray-Darling Basin Commission,
said earlier this year that if management practices continued unchecked, up to
five million hectares of productive land would be lost within 50 years.
According to a former chairman, Mr Noel Fitzpatrick, the basin is at one minute
to midnight.

THE PROBLEMS were clearly spelt out in the report released earlier this year by
the Federal Government's State of the Environment Council, which is headed by
Professor Ian Lowe, chairman of the Griffith University School of Science.

It said the inland waters of southern Australia were in poor shape, largely
because of poor management. Too much water was being taken out with salination
being a key environmental consequence of irrigation and land clearing for
dry-land agriculture.

The report said that, despite the commitment to ecologically sustainable
development, some government agencies still saw their primary role as promoting
economic development, with little regard to environmental costs.

At the time the 580-page report was being prepared, a flood down the Darling
ripped out a thousand kilometres of river bank in a few days.

A Canberra University geomorphologist, Dr Martin Thoms, said he believed the
banks had been sucked away by irrigators taking out water when the river was
receding at its most rapid rate.

Dr Thoms is one of several scientists studying the ecological impacts of reduced
river flows in the system. He said that Government and water users had provided
over $1 million for studies of Murray River tributaries and the Darling River
ecosystem.

Dr Thoms was optimistic about the future, saying: "I believe that good science
will produce good management. When we are finished we will have some concrete
ideas on how much water we we need to maintain a river flow, how and when to
take out water and how it will involve the economics of the region."

Since its inception nine years ago, the Murray-Darling Basin Commission has been
developing plans for its Project 2001. It took over from the old River Murray
Commission, but with the added role of natural resource management, which Mr
Reville says changed the emphasis from development to the concept of sustainable
development.

Project 2001, which should start in mid-1997 once it receives a federal Budget
allocation, involves strategies that are attracting world interest. The program
includes works on revegetation, drainage systems, river bank erosion, salt
interception to protect wetlands, sewage treatment and the establishment of new
fishways.

The first $150 million from the Federal Government's Natural Heritage Trust is
being matched by the states. The various users of the waterways, irrigators,
water authorities and local government will contribute on a project-by-project
basis, which will be managed locally by committees in the 19 catchments.

Mr Reville said in many instances the local contribution will be higher than
that of government, sometimes up to 90 per cent of a project. Over five years he
expected Project 2001 to account for nearly $750 million of government and
non-government money. In addition to this, the basin will get a large proportion
of the $597 million allotted to the national vegetation initiative and the
national LandCare program.

PROJECT 2001 is ready to go. Authorising legislation is in place in each state
and the commission's council of ministers, the natural resources ministers of
the Commonwealth, Victoria, NSW, Queensland, South Australia and the Australian
Capital Territory, have set the objectives. It is a colossal achievement in
coordination.

It seeks a balance of the economic, social and environmental imperatives -
sustainable agricultural productivity, water quality and nature conservation. Mr
Reville said the community acceptance of the goals and level of consensus among
the catchment management committees had never been higher.

"If we can accelerate the investment and address some of these serious problems
quickly, the cost-benefit ratio will be much higher."

But it does not satisfy everybody. The Australian Conservation Foundation is
disturbed by the priorities and how public money will be spent.

Tim Fisher, the foundation's water campaign leader, said Project 2001 would be
the ultimate test of the Federal Government's conservation credentials.

He asks: "What have LandCare and drainage projects got to do with the natural
heritage of the Murray-Darling? What have they got to do with the health of the
river?"

Mr Fisher said it was felt that government money was being mis-spent on what
were little more than subsidies for farm properties affected by salinity and a
rising water table.

He does not argue that these people should not receive help, but says it should
come from more appropriate sources so the Natural Heritage Trust money could be
devoted to the flow of the water and the ecology of the river.

He said money would be more appropriately spent helping irrigators save water on
their farms and on the replacement of open channels to stop evaporation.

Mr Fisher warned that if money was spent on the wrong things, the health of the
river would not improve and the future - for the river and the people who depend
on it - would be bleak.

MURRAY-DARLING RIVER.

The Murray-Darling Basin Commission is composed of the natural resource's
minosters from the Commonwealth and states of Victoria, NSW, Queensland, South
Australia and ACT. It coordinates the efforts of 19 catchment management
committees, which are composed of representatives from local governments,
land-care groups and interested parties.

* Irrigation Demands:

ha: hectares.

GL: gigalitres.

SA.

- 113,000 ha.

- 500 gl.

QLD.

- 369,000 ha.

- 500 gl.

NSW.

- 1,459,000 ha.

- 6,000 gl.

VIC.

- 645,600 ha.

- 4,000 gl.

* Irrigation Production.

Forty per cent of Australia's national agricultural output flows from the basin.
Production from irrigation in dollars per annum.

- Fruit $1490m.

- Vegetables $110m.

- Dairy $1040m.

- Sugar $367m.

- Cotton $565m.

- Rice $164m.

- Livestock $144m.

Total $4880m.

Exports $2250m.

* Growth in the Water Use.

The natural flow of the Murray-Darling to the sea is 14,000 gigalitres a year
(less than the daily flow of the Amazon).

PRODUCTION.

 Productivity of Murray-Darling basin is more than $35 billion a year.

 Agriculture production                     $9b

 Manufacturing industry - basin        $10.75b

 Tourism - basin                                $3.5b

 Manufacturing industry

 - Adelaide                                        $12.3b

 - Iron triangle                                    $1b

 (Wyalla, Port Pirie, Pt Augusta)

 TOTAL                                             $36.55b


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture by JOHN LAMB; Table: Production; Graph: Growth in water use;
Map: Graphic: Luisa La Rocca.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1996 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Governor's budget would help Apalachicola Bay

BYLINE: Matthew Beaton, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Feb. 14--APALACHICOLA -- The ailing Apalachicola Bay may get some help if Gov.
Rick Scott gets his way -- but lawmakers say the funding will mainly go toward a
study.

Scott's recently unveiled budget would give $3 million to "water quality
improvement projects" in the bay, which is located in Franklin County. The
Northwest Florida Water Management District would receive the money and
undertake the projects.

State Sen. Bill Montford, D-Tallahassee, who represents the county, said he's
pleased the governor recommended the funding.

"He understands the severe problem that we have with the ApalachicolaRiver basin
and the Apalachicola Bay," he said.

Montford said the money, at least partly, will go toward a "river-flow study."
Lawmakers and scientists agree the lack of freshwater flow on the river is
contributing to the oyster-haul decline, as well as other issues.

Montford said the lack of flow has increased the bay's salinity, allowing sea
predators to feast on oysters.

But Florida has no control over freshwater flow on the river. Lake Lanier, north
of Atlanta, releases the water that feeds the river, and despite legal
wrangling, Florida has not been able to increase that volume.

Right now, there's been no official decision on how the $3 million would be
spent, Montford said.

Scott will likely leave that up to the water management district's
professionals, but he definitely wants a water-flow study, Montford said.

Also Montfordwill fight to put the $3 million is in the Legislature's budget,
which has not yet been written. And he said he has some big guns in the
Legislature -- Senate President Don Gaetz, R-Niceville, and Sen. Charlie Dean,
R-Inverness, chair of the Environmental Preservation and Conservation Committee
-- who support helping the bay.

Montford said like the Everglades, the bay and the basin are problems that
should concern everyone in the state.

"This is not just a North Florida issue; this is a Florida issue," he said.

"We are witnessing the destruction of an American treasure," he said.

So far, the water management district has been reticent to detail how the $3
million would be spent, saying there's no project list for the money.

"It's a proposed budget; it's pretty early," said Lauren Engel, spokeswoman,
water management district.

Engel had no knowledge that the money would be spent on a study. She pointed to
the budget, which says it will go toward "water quality improvement projects."

Meanwhile, state Rep. Halsey Beshears, R-Monticello, was less energized about
the governor's interest in the bay's problems.

"I wish that we were doing something more direct to help out those people down
in Apalachicola, rather than study(ing) something," he said.

Beshears said the problem is one that must be relentlessly pursued. He, the
chair and vice chair of Agriculture & Natural Resources Subcommittee, and the
secretary of the Florida Department of Environmental Protection toured the
region Friday.

They spent half a day in Apalachicola, going out on the water, even seeing
oystermen harvesting. And Beshears was resolute the Legislature needs to find
some remedies.

"We were there trying to look at all our options, trying to see what in the
world we can do to help this problem," he said.

___ (c)2013 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130214-PY-Governor-s-budget-would-help-Apalachicola-Bay-0214-20130214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2013 The News Herald


                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday

N500 Billion Manufacturing Fund - N130 Billion for Disbursement, Says Sanusi

BYLINE: Sufuyan Ojeifo

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Abuja


Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) said yesterday that it was ready to disburse N130
billion out of the N500 billion fund put together by banks to give life to the
ailing manufacturing sector.

Minister of Information and communications, Labaran Maku, told State House
correspondents after the weekly Federal Executive Council (FEC) meeting, at the
Presidential Villa, Abuja, in company of the Minister of Information and
Communications, Dora Akunyili, that the injection of the money would help bring
about steady growth in the sector witness steady growth.

Maku who reported the briefing of the CBN second quarter report by Lamido
Sanusi, governor of the apex bank noted that the funds would be disbursed to the
manufacturing sector in the next two months.

According to the minister, Sanusi stated that the guidelines for the
implementation of the N500 billion for refinancing and restructuring
manufacturers' exposures

to the deposited money have been prepared, out of which approval to disburse
N130billion has been granted.

He said "CBN briefed council on the performance of the economy in the second
quarter of 2010. The council was informed that there had been steady growth in
gross domestic products (GDP) moderation in inflation. Interbank rates and other
money market rates including lending also moderated".

The foreign exchange market the minister stated "was substantially stable, while
the recovery in the capital market continued. However the growth in monetary and
private sector credit aggregates remained sluggish".

Maku stated that the CBN boss "informed the council that the implementation of
the banking sector reforms have continued to engender confidence in the system
and credit by the rescued banks to grow, while most of them have returned to
profitability".

Sanusi, who put the GDP at 7.68 per cent Maku said "also briefed the council on
the bankers committee initiatives to support government economic programmes such
as; interactions with state governments in order to generate a pipeline of
projects that the financial system will fund, support towards the effective use
of infrastructure bonds and providing economic advocacy for power and
agriculture".

On the modality for operationalising the Asset Management Company of Nigeria
(AMCON), the minister said the CBN has finalized the strategises noting that
"without the establishment of AMCON, the rescued banks would have been
eventually liquidated if there are no viable buyers".

He said the Nigerian economy was resilient and that the near-to-medium term
outlook is positive and that monetary policy will continue to be supportive of
government objectives.

He said Sanusi ended the brifing by saying that "stronger growth that will
create employment can be achieved with the provision of critical infrastructure
and the concurrent implementation of on-going reforms in all the sectors of the
economy".

The report showed the economy on sustainable growth, especially the non-oil
sectors led by agriculture, retail trade, services and construction. According
to Maku, the need for deeper reforms in the energy, petroleum and power sectors
was emphasized to realign economic policies to the financial reforms to
encourage credit flow into the real and strategic sectors of the economy
"Government emphasized the need for proper coordination between the CBN and the
Economic Management Team (EMT) to ensure reforms are properly channeled towards
the real sectors of the economy," he said.

Maku said "government is confident that with all that is going on in terms of
reforms and policy focus, the nation's economy will witness sustainable growth
in the years ahead".

On her part, Akunyili said the council approved the award of contract for the
development of 1500 hectares of irrigation scheme of the Tada Shonga Irrigation
project, in the sum of N3.3 billion with a completion period of 36 months.

She said FEC also approved 1st January , 2010 as the effective date for
convergence of accounting standards in Nigeria with International Financial
Standards (IFRS).

"The increasing sophistication of the Nigerian industrial and commercial
environment compels the imperative of appreciating the risk about the flow of
economic capital , both foreign and domestic. The intensification of
globalization and the consequential loss of national identity in financial
reporting standards leaves Nigeria with no choice, but to key into the IFRSs".

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 23, 2000 Sunday

TELEWORK MEANS JOBS;
RURAL MINNESOTA NEEDS FUNDING FOR TECHNOLOGY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 291 words


The struggle to keep rural America viable for the millions of people who want to
live and work there cannot be won without economic development that goes beyond
farm policy. It stands to reason, then, that connecting a reliable, eager pool
of rural-based potential workers with training and access to information-age
jobs that can be done from anywhere is a win-win strategy for economic
development.

This is the intention behind a bill introduced in the Senate recently by Sen.
Paul Wellstone, D-Minn. The Telework Act of 2000 would distribute a small amount
of federal grant money into local hands for rural entrepreneurs. The funds,
which would flow through an existing agency, the Agriculture Department's Rural
Utility Service, could be used to as part of any local project to establish
information technology work opportunities in the area.

The federal money in the Telework Act, $11 million annually, is meant to be seed
money to leverage dollars from other sources under a match formula.

The need to grow living-wage work in the information age is acute in rural
America and the native nations. The need for tech-capable workers throughout the
American economy is acute.

Minnesota's Economic Security Department has estimated that over the next
decade, almost 8,800 workers will be needed each year to fill IT jobs in the
state. With about 1,000 students graduating from post-secondary IT-related
programs each year, Minnesota's shortage of home-grown workers is apparent.

By growing a trained work force among people now underemployed or having to
migrate to cities for living wages, rural communities would benefit as would the
IT sector as a whole. The Telework Act of 2000 is a neat match of supply to
demand.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     NOVEMBER 13, 1995 Monday FINAL EDITION

AMISH FARMS FACE POLLUTION, TOO CUTS IMPERIL CLEANUP PLAN.

BYLINE: Mark Jaffe, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1617 words

DATELINE: INTERCOURSE, Pa.


Pennsylvania Amish country, a land dotted with trim family farms and boxy
horse-drawn buggies, appears far removed from modern pollution woes.

Appearances, however, can be deceiving.

Lacing these cow pastures and alfalfa fields are some of the most heavily
polluted waterways in the state - creeks and streams laden with manure and
farm-chemical runoff.

For the last five years a federal program has slowly and methodically tried to
curb the pollution. Surprisingly, it also has enjoyed a measure of support among
the Amish.

This from a people who still piously follow a centuries-old lifestyle -
fashioned long before modern notions of environmental protection - and who would
sooner go to jail than send their children to a secular high school.

But the project faces an obstacle even bigger than the Amish ways - the federal
budget cuts looming in Washington. The program - known as the Pequea- Mill Creek
Project - is broke, and it will be months before federal agricultural and
environmental budgets are sorted out and the project's fate is known.

That hasn't deterred project director Frank Lucas. "We are still working with
farmers," Lucas said, "but when we start a job, we tell them we don't have any
money and that they are going to have to pay for it themselves."

*

It is hard to conceive of this rich Lancaster County farmland - a billowing
quilt of fields in greens and browns, fringed with autumn daubs of orange,
russet and yellow - being dogged by pollution.

This is, after all, a land where people eschew telephones, electrical
appliances, and most other trappings of our industrial-consumer society.

This is a people who see the tilling of a field as an act of worship. "The Amish
believe good soil makes a good church," said Donald Kraybill, a sociology
professor at Elizabethtown College and author of The Riddle of Amish Culture.

But slithering through this garden are the Pequea and Mill Creeks, and by the
time they leave, they are loaded with bacteria and nutrients. How can this be?

The answer lies in the distinctly practical and community-focused farming of the
Amish. "They use technology selectively and they are highly utilitarian,"
Kraybill said.

So, while the Amish emphatically reject driving automobiles, preferring to
canter down Lancaster lanes in black buggies, a teenage Amish girl, in her black
calf-length dress and muslin cap, can glide down the same road on roller blades.

The Amish do use pesticides and fertilizers, and in response to economic
pressures they have increased the size of dairy herds - in some cases from 10 to
50 cows a farm - generating large quantities of manure. "They are not organic
farmers," Kraybill said, "and the fact that it may cause a problem a hundred
miles away, well, that's somebody else's problem. In that, they are like a lot
of people."

And a problem it does cause. The Pequea and Mill Creeks flow into the
Susquehanna River, which in turn flows into the Chesapeake Bay. The bay - one of
the nation's most fecund estuaries - is choking on pollution.

Each year the Susquehanna flushes more than 140 million pounds of nitrates and
other pollutants into the bay. As part of the four-state Chesapeake Bay Program,
Pennsylvania has pledged to cut the pollution 40 percent by 2000.

Enter Lucas and the Pequea-Mill Creek Project in 1991.

The project's seed money - about a million dollars for five years - came
from the federal Natural Resources Conservation Service, a U.S. Department of
Agriculture agency and Lucas' employer.

That has been augmented by grants from state and federal agencies, including the
federal Environmental Protection Agency, the state Game
Commission, and the Pennsylvania State University Cooperative Extension.

Altogether, the project has spent an estimated $1 million a year to measure
water pollution and clean it up.

"When we first looked at the area, we figured we ought to work on barnyards and
stream fencing," said Lucas, a bearded, down-home fellow, given to wearing jeans
and suspenders. "But we really didn't know how the Amish would take to it, and
they own 75 percent of the 1,000 farms."

Lucas tried using each farmer's self-interest to fashion a program for the
common good.

"I was willing to go . . . and talk with anyone," he said. And when Lucas
talked, he never talked "water quality." He talked "herd health and what's in it
for the farmer."

He also kept the program "low-tech," relying on fencing, field management and
improved husbandry practices.

The recipe has been extraordinarily successful. The project has written
contracts with 165 farmers for barnyard improvements and manure storage
facilities. It has stream-fencing contracts with an additional 15.

Most striking, however, is the fact that an additional 452 farmers have
installed at least one conservation measure on their property voluntarily and
paid for it themselves.

In all, 62 percent of the farmers - Amish and "modern" - are participating in
the program.

*

Jacob King, a young Amish farmer, heard about the Pequea project from his
brother-in-law, who has a dairy farm. Then he watched Lucas work with a neighbor
up the road.

"I asked Frank to come over and we talked," said King, who raises 80 steers and
heifers and grows corn and alfalfa on 65 acres. "He had some good ideas."

This is how word of the project spread. "Once we got one or two people to try
it, everyone knew about it," Lucas said. "Amish church services are daylong
affairs. The afternoon is visiting and the men talk farming."

For the first farm, Lucas paid for the materials and did the work himself. Soon
Amish men were stopping him and asking, "Can you help me do what you did for
Gideon?"

One of the biggest problems is manure - the estimated 5,500 cows in the
Pequea-Mill Creek watershed produce about 3,000 pounds of manure every day. To
get rid of it, farmers haul it from their barns and spread it on their fields -
rain or shine, summer and winter. A lot ends up in the Pequea and Mill Creeks.

Lucas sold King on the idea of a manure storage pit and a contained barnyard for
his cattle. This would enable the farmer to stockpile the manure and use it only
when needed.

Today, King has a new graded barnyard, new concrete walls and gates, and a
grate-covered pit next to the barn. Cost: about $20,000 - with half paid for
with a grant through the project.

Now, King will scrape manure from the yard into the pit and store it until
spring, when he plows and plants. "That will save us a lot of work, a lot of
hauling," he said.

But the young farmer didn't stop there. After seeing Lucas fence other farmers'
pastures into paddocks for rotational grazing, he did the same - without Lucas'
help or the government's money.

Rotational grazing prevents herds from turning meadows into mud fields, allows
the land to absorb more manure, and improves grass production, which also helps
contain runoff.

"The cows are cleaner, healthier. . . . The land is better off. That's what we
tell them," Lucas said.

"Oh yes," King said. "In summer, when everything is growing, you could keep the
pastures green and the cattle clean."

King's pastures drain into a stream that flows into Muddy Run, a tributary of
Mill Creek.

One recent afternoon, Lucas walked that stream. Holstein cows grazed in a
pasture - a wire fence kept them from breaking the banks or defecating in the
stream. An egret took wing from a flaming orange ribbon of trees, and the clear
waters slid by on their way to Muddy Run.

"I don't know if the fencing did that, but something changed," Lucas said.
"Before, it was all snails and tube worms; now you can see minnows in the
stream."

In August 1992, tests indicated that the fecal-coliform levels in Muddy Run were
at 84,000 bacteria per 100 milliliters of water. Last August, the count was down
to 34,000.

That is progress, but there is still a long way to go. The drinking-water
standard for coliform is zero. Water isn't considered safe to swim in if it has
a count of more than 200, and a raw water supply can't be used as a
drinking-water source - even if it is going to be treated and purified - if it
has a count of 5,000.

*

Herb Benner has a dairy farm in Gap - about 10 miles from Jacob King's place.
Benner is what the Amish call an "Englishman" - a secular farmer. But Benner,
34, has the same concerns and goals as his Amish neighbors.

"My family has been on this land for 80 years, and I hope we are here another
80," said Benner, who has installed a $19,000, 12-foot-deep concrete manure pit.

He also has spent about $3,000 to fence his stream and even planted 25 trees
along the creek. Half the cost of the tank and 75 percent of the fencing were
covered with grants. The remaining $10,250 Benner paid himself.

"I'm looking at it as a long-term thing," he said.

There is, however, no long-term outlook for the Pequea-Mill Creek Project
because of the vagaries of Washington.

The Department of Agriculture's $62 billion budget - including a small boost for
conservation programs - has been signed by President Clinton. But it will be
months before the Pequea project learns if it is getting any of that money.

Money from the EPA, which contributed about $150,000 a year, is even more
questionable.

Congress is trying to cut the agency's $6.6 billion budget by a quarter to a
third.

Such a cut will definitely lead to the EPA's bailing out of the Pequea project,
officials said.

"It's unfortunate, because it has been such a success," said Alvin Morris, chief
of the water division in the EPA's Philadelphia regional office. "But it is the
kind of funding that's easy to cut."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            March 2, 2000, Thursday

BRUSSELS AIMS TO CLAW BACK POUNDS 13M AID

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 304 words


Britain was yesterday ordered to repay Brussels pounds 13 million in misspent
European Union grants for farmers.

The European Commission cited weak administrative controls and inadequate
checking on the way the subsidies were used.

The demand is part of a total of pounds 165 million the Commission is clawing
back from the member states because of "weak control procedures or non-respect
of EU rules".

EU governments are responsible for paying out and controlling virtually all of
the billions of pounds a year which flow from the European budget to support the
Common Agricultural Policy.

But Brussels has the right to recover sums which are paid out without sufficient
guarantees about the distribution of the money.

Agriculture Commissioner Mr Franz Fischler said that the Commission was not
acting like a "police force".

He went on: "But as this decision shows, the Commission will not hesitate to
penalise those who fail to fulfil their responsibility, in particular if this
failure jeopardises the proper use of EU taxpayers' money."

In Britain's case the cash the Commission has ordered should be repaid relates
to a lack of controls on the use of export subsidises paid to farmers,
inadequate farm inspections, weak administrative controls and, in particular,
inadequate administrative controls in Wales.

Fourteen of the 15 member states are named as owing Brussels farm cash.

France must pay back more than pounds 65 million, while Italy owes more than
pounds 50 million.

Every year the Commission carries out more than one hundred inspections in all
EU member states to check that governments have correctly used the farm funds
put at their disposal.

The system for recovering cash was tightened in 1995 after years of controversy
over millions missing from the kitty.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 16, 2012 Monday

City wants public's views on river plan

BYLINE: Antonie Boessenkool, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 807 words


July 16--The city of Bakersfield's plans to restore water to the Kern River drew
mostly support from residents Wednesday night, but others questioned potential
effects on those who historically have used water diverted from the river.

The city's water board held a special meeting Wednesday night to collect public
comment. The city has issued a draft environmental impact report outlining the
need and method for restoring water to the river. Bakersfield will submit the
report to the State Water Resources Control board in its bid to claim a portion
of water that may be up for grabs, and other water that's become available since
several purchase contracts expired in December.

First, the city is collecting comments on the report and whether it sufficiently
covers the impacts of a regular flow of water in the Kern River.

Bakersfield officials say allowing water to flow down the Kern River through the
city will recharge groundwater levels, improve city drinking water, benefit
natural habitats along the river and increase recreational opportunities.

There are two portions of water that could be run down the river.

In 2007, the Kern Delta Water District forfeited 50,000 acre-feet of water when
it tried to reclaim surplus water it hadn't been using. That portion of water is
now under the control of the State Water Resources Control Board.

The city and several agricultural water districts have applied to the state to
obtain the forfeited water, and each will likely author its own environmental
impact report.

An acre-foot is the amount of water that would cover an acre 1 foot deep. The
average household uses about a third of a an acre-foot a year, although in
Bakersfield, it's slightly higher, said Kenneth Schwarz, the city's consultant
for the project.

The second portion is water that the city sold to three agriculture water
districts -- North Kern, Cawelo and Kern-Tulare water storage districts -- under
long-term contracts in 1977.

Those contracts expired at the end of last year, and they covered 70,000
acre-feet of water. Of the three districts, North Kern is suing to force the
city to continue selling it the water.

"I'm firmly behind the city in its bid to put Kern River water back where it
belongs, back into that riverbed, " said resident John Ohe, echoing many others
who commended the city on the plan.

"Some people don't have a pool so maybe they want to go in the Kern River and
swim, " said 11-year-old Corynne Testa.. "A lot of people just have a blast" in
the river, she said.

"We've waited a long time for this ... we're pretty thrilled about it, " said
resident Bill Cooper of the city's plans.

Several speakers asked the city to delve further into explaining the economic
and recreational benefits of running water down the Kern River.

Speakers from the Kern Audubon Society, for example, said water in the river
will bring more birds to the area, and birdwatchers to Bakersfield, who will
spend money to stay in the city.

But allowing water to flow down the Kern River would mean less water for the
agricultural districts that have used it in the past.

Robert Kunde of the Kern County Farm Bureau said farmers likely would be forced
to drill new wells, an impact that wasn't evaluated in the report.

Moreover, Kunde said, "There are multiple benefits to the city and its residents
from the historic uses of this water, " including the jobs, economic activity
and food produced by routing the water to agricultural districts. Kunde said
70,000 acre-feet of water supply about 25,000 acres of farmland.

"We urge the city to correct the EIR deficiencies and make a wise decision to
continue historic, beneficial water sales to agriculture, " he said.

"There's a lot of hand-waving" about the potential benefits of restoring water
to the riverbed, and "not a lot of detailed analysis" about effects outside the
riverbed itself, said Richard Diamond, manager of the North Kern Water Storage
District.

Diamond said that five years ago, an urban water-management plan from the city
stated that Bakersfield had enough water for planned growth without the
forfeited water.

Diamond also pointed to a section of the report that said aquifer levels in
Bakersfield have remained relatively stable over time.

"So the premise of this objective seems to be in question, " he said.

The environmental impact report is the city's chance to state its need to
restore water flow to the river. City staff will incorporate public comments
into the report and respond to them, and will present a final report in the
fall.

The city is accepting comments on the environmental impact report and the plan
until Aug. 6. You can send comments to: kernrivercomments@gmail.com

___ (c)2012 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120716-BK-City-wants-public-s-views-on-river-plan-0716-20120716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2012 The Bakersfield Californian


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     March 15, 2000 Wednesday Final Edition

$145M for farmers: Provincial dollars address problem of low cash flow

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Allyson Jeffs, Journal Staff Writer

SECTION: Alberta; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: Edmonton

Alberta farmers will get a $145-million boost in provincial government funding
this spring and Premier Ralph Klein says he'll continue to press for more aid
from Ottawa.

Klein is upset Alberta was excluded from a $240-million federal farm-aid package
provided to Saskatchewan and Manitoba.

In a March 13 letter to Prime Minister Jean Chretien, Klein says he's
"disappointed" that Alberta's request for inclusion "has not been expedited."

The letter, released by Klein's office, also calls on Ottawa to fork over $103
million in farm aid -- the amount provincial officials estimate Alberta would
receive if given support comparable to Saskatchewan and Manitoba.

Klein told reporters the funding tussle is the latest in a "long list" of
complaints Alberta has.

Although farmers here are "generally in better shape" than those in Saskatchewan
and Manitoba, Klein said some areas in the northeast and northwest of the
province are suffering.

If Alberta is excluded from the farm-aid package, Klein said it's likely
"because we're perceived to be rich ... and the perception would be that because
we are authors of our own fortune, we don't deserve to be included in (the)
federal program."

Agriculture Minister Ty Lund said he's "cautiously optimistic" Alberta will get
some federal farm assistance.

In the meantime, he announced a $145-million provincial funding package that
includes $121.4 million in direct payments to farmers, which can be made in time
for seeding.

Farmers will receive $4.29 for each arable acre. The deadline to apply is May 31
and up to 40,000 farmers are expected to benefit from the one-time payments.

An average farm with 1,500 arable acres will receive $6,435.

"In travelling this province I've seen and heard that cash flow is a problem
this spring and many of our producers will have great difficulty finding the
necessary funds to plant their crop," Lund said.

In addition, all-risk crop insurance premiums will be reduced by 30 per cent, at
a cost of $20 million to the government this year.

A $50 application fee and one-per-cent administrative charge for the Farm Income
Disaster Program are being removed, retroactive to 1999 claims, at a savings of
$1.6 million to farmers.

Another $2 million is being invested in water pumping systems.

About $100 million of the announced funding will be financed with unspent money
allocated to the Farm Income Disaster Program last fall.

Rod Scarlett, executive director of the Wild Rose Agricultural Producers,
praised the province for helping to address the cash-flow problem faced by some
farmers. However, if Ottawa refuses to kick in a share, Scarlett said that will
show the "federal government does not put a priority on agriculture and is
leaving Alberta producers to fend for themselves."

Sharon McKinnon, of the Western Canadian Wheat Growers Association said
long-term solutions are still needed for farms struggling to remain profitable.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Journal Stock; Ty Lund, AgricultureMinister

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   October 28, 1987, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

$1-billion farm bailout paid no heed to need

BYLINE: By Joel Ruimy Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - The federal government committed $1 billion last year to a
"questionable" aid program for grain farmers without first studying what the
farmers actually needed, the auditor-general says.

The program, announced in October, 1986 by the Progressive Conservative
government, was the biggest agricultural bailout in Canadian history.

It was designed to help financially troubled growers cope with low grain prices
caused by worldwide surpluses and by massive government subsidies to farmers in
the United States and Europe.

Auditor-General Kenneth Dye says in his annual report, released yesterday, that
the cabinet barely bothered to consult agriculture department experts before
arriving at the $1-billion figure.

No evidence

"We could not find out how this number was calculated," Dye says.

"There is no evidence that the department was the source of the recommendation
that a $1-billion cash flow assistance program be introduced.

"In fact, senior departmental management became aware of the commitment only a
few days before the Oct. 3, 1986, announcement" of the Special Canadian Grains
Program.

As well, the department began studying ways to pay out the money only after the
program was announced, Dye reports.

"In conclusion, the usual process for planning, implementing and financing a
program was not followed for the largest single agricultural payment program
ever introduced by a Canadian government."

No strings attached

Dye makes no suggestion of any widespread irregularities in the way the money
was paid out.

But he observes that the process was "questionable" because the program
"provides a large degree of flexibility and authority without a corresponding
degree of accountability to Parliament in terms of reporting costs and results
achieved.

"The payments are made with no strings attached and no contractual arrangement
exists. For example, there is no requirement for a producer to harvest crops, to
change seeding patterns, to modify other farming practices as part of a
longer-term strategy for solving problems, or to repay amounts previously owed
to the Crown, if any."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Watertown Daily Times

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                           February 25, 2006 Saturday

Wells Fargo sues Michele Audio, says $3m in loans in default

BYLINE: Brian Kelly, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 548 words


Feb. 25--MASSENA -- A bank is calling in nearly $3 million in loans to Michele
Audio Corporation of America, while the company's president claims it is his
business that is due money.

Wells Fargo Bank National Association, Sioux Falls, S.D., filed suit against
Michele Audio on Friday in U.S. District Court claiming the company has
defaulted on promissory notes totaling $2,969,781.

Michele Audio president Thomas Gramuglia said he is not paying toward the loan
until he receives all of the money due him under a guaranteed U.S. Department of
Agriculture loan taken out in 2002.

Mr. Gramuglia said Michele Audio took out a loan of about $7.5 million through
USDA for the purchase of manufacturing equipment for the business, which makes
prerecorded cassette tapes and compact discs, including audio books.

He said 80 percent of the loan provided by Wells Fargo was guaranteed through
USDA, while 20 percent, or about $1.4 million, was not. He said Wells Fargo held
back the non-guaranteed amount, giving the bank a 100 percent guarantee on its
loan.

Mr. Gramuglia said that withholding the money violates USDA's requirements for
the loan and that he has been in a dispute with the bank for three years over
the undelivered money. He said he and the bank have been working on a settlement
of the dispute, including discussions Friday.

He said he was "amazed" by the timing of the lawsuit filing.

"This is exactly what happened with the United States and Japan during World War
II. They had two guys negotiating, and then they bombed Pearl Harbor," Mr.
Gramuglia said.

He said the defaulted loans are not the result of cash-flow problems for the
business, as it has substantially paid down the loans and "we have money set
aside to pay them off." He said he stopped paying toward the loans because the
money withheld "substantially hurt the company."

He said he was preparing to file his own suit against Wells Fargo in state
Supreme Court, but that the bank beat him to the punch with its federal filing.

"We're not happy that they filed this action, but the place and the timing of
the filing could not have been better for us," he said. "I think their move will
not look too good when our facts come across to the judge."

According to court documents, all of the equipment, machinery and furniture of
Michele Audio was used as collateral on the loans, as well as copyrights and
trademarks. Wells Fargo claims the property is worth less than $1.4 million,
excluding the intellectual property.

It is asking a judge to allow it to sell the property and order that Michele
Audio, Mr. Gramuglia and his ex-wife, Ginette, be personally responsible for any
difference between the amount raised through the sale of property and the amount
owed.

"This is simply the attempt of a giant corporation to turn around a little
business, one that has been in business for 33 years," Mr. Gramuglia said. "I'm
hoping common sense prevails on their part."

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2006, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.
Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060225-WE-WELLS-FARGO-20060225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2006 Watertown Daily Times


                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               November 17, 2005

Time to deliver on overseas aid

SECTION: Opinion; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 502 words


The Government's promise to boost spending on overseas aid over the coming years
gets its first test today with the announcement of the estimates for the coming
year.

Nothing less than a significant rise in the aid budget is needed if the
Government is to start living up to its commitment to increase spending to the
levels recommended by the United Nations by the target date in 2012. Further
stepped increases will be needed over succeeding years if the target of 0.7 per
cent of gross national product is to be attained.

The injection of EUR 1 billion a year into aid spending, to be used for the
benefit of the poorest people on earth, is welcome. However, as this week's
Irish Times series on "The business of aid" showed, it brings with it a new set
of challenges for those involved in planning and implementing our aid programme.

Up to now, Irish aid - both the State programme delivered by Development
Co-operation Ireland (DCI) and the assistance provided by individual aid
agencies - has enjoyed a generally good reputation, but this cannot be taken for
granted. With so many pressures on the public purse, it behoves DCI to ensure
Irish aid money is spent efficiently. It must be seen to alleviate the poverty
it seeks to tackle and it must be proofed against corruption and other misuse.

DCI's aid programme has won international kudos for its concentration on the
poorest African countries and for its independence from trade and political
objectives. Yet as the programme grows, it will inevitably change and diversify.
There probably is some future scope for expanding activities outside Africa,
though this should not dilute existing programmes on that continent.

Plans to shift DCI to Limerick as part of the Government's decentralisation
programme have run into serious opposition from some staff who have argued that
the organisation should not be moved from Dublin. The plan risks destroying the
esprit de corps that has delivered a high-quality aid programme, they argue. It
certainly seems that specialist staff may be harder to recruit and retain, and
the decision seems ill-timed given the expansion currently underway in DCI.

Questions also arise about the overall coherence of Government policy. If, as
one study has asserted, trade flows have seven times the effect of aid on
developing countries, could more be achieved by ensuring that our trade and
agriculture policies - and not just our aid policies - are more favourable to
the interests of the developing world?

With so much money expected to flow into the sector over coming years, it seems
extraordinary that the Government has failed to act on the recommendations of
numerous reports by increasing regulation in the sector. At present, anyone can
set up an agency and act in a virtually unregulated manner. For years, the
established aid agencies, aware that any scandal could affect the reputation of
the entire sector, have been calling for reform, but even their calls have
fallen on deaf ears.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 The Irish Times


                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 17, 2009 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Europe's Aid Strays From the Farm

BYLINE: By DOREEN CARVAJAL and STEPHEN CASTLE; Tom Torok contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1434 words


Arids Roma, a construction company in northeastern Spain, spreads gravel, not
seeds, and yet it receives the equivalent of $2.25 million in farm subsidies
from the European Union.

The Catalan regional government, which requested the money for Arids Roma, says
it helps rural development. ''Paved roads connecting the villages aid the
mobility of tractors,'' said Georgina Pol Borras, a spokeswoman for the
government.

Indeed, European Union farm aid, the largest program of its kind in the world,
goes to many individuals and companies with a far more tenuous connection to
agriculture -- including German gummy bear manufacturers, luxury cruise ship
caterers and the Queen of England.

For the first time, all of the European Union's 27 nations were forced to
disclose this year how they distribute farm subsidies. (Only Germany did not
fully comply.)

A computer analysis by The New York Times and The International Herald Tribune
of recipients in major countries has provided the first detailed look at who
receives how much money. The data underscore the extent to which the subsidy
program has evolved beyond its original goals of increasing food production and
supporting farmers as they weather market fluctuations.

The biggest share of aid, about $53 billion, still goes to landowners and
farmers. But hundreds of millions of euros flow to multinational companies like
food conglomerates and sugar manufacturers, too.

In France, the single largest beneficiary was the chicken processor Groupe Doux,
which received nearly $89 million, followed by about a dozen sugar makers that
together reaped more than $145 million in aid.

The sugar processors do not run farms. And Groupe Doux outsources raising
chickens to thousands of contract breeders. But under the subsidy program, the
processors and Groupe Doux qualified for agricultural export refunds -- rebates
to cover the difference between the European price of a commodity and the lower
price they get on the world market.

That is how the German candy maker Haribo qualified for 332,000 euros in
subsidies for the sugar in its gummy bears.

Ligabue, a Venice caterer that serves airlines and luxury cruise ships, received
127,000 euros in export subsidies in 2008 for sugar and dairy creamer packets
that it ''exported'' out of Europe -- in the stomachs of passengers.

European officials and some economists say that much of the cash from those
subsidies ultimately trickles down to local farmers, since without them some
companies would buy cheaper food elsewhere. But the rebates have a powerful
impact on global trade by depressing world prices and undercutting the incomes
-- and viability -- of farmers outside Europe, especially in developing
countries.

It is another form of price support, economists say, a vestige of an old system
that encouraged overproduction of food and one that European authorities hope to
end by 2013.

It is difficult to know exactly how much subsidy money goes to nonfarmers. Some
of the information the 27 countries provided was vague, with the real recipients
hidden. The European Union itself says it would be too complicated to calculate
such a figure.

European officials say they have simply adapted the subsidy model to support
agriculture in all its modern forms.

''Rural development is not just about farms. It is also about boosting the rural
economy,'' said Michael Mann, a spokesman for the European Commission. ''So it
is perfectly O.K. that nonagricultural businesses get money for a project that
generates jobs and prosperity in rural areas.''

But critics, including farmers' unions and some analysts and politicians, say
Europe has created a ramshackle structure of grant-giving that has opened the
pipeline to wealthy aristocrats who own land but don't farm it, industrial
companies and large multinationals.

Agricultural economists for the nonprofit Organization for Economic Cooperation
and Development criticize this ''leakage'' of aid, noting that much of the money
goes to ''unintended beneficiaries'' who do not need the subsidy.

Harald von Witzke, professor of agricultural economics at Humboldt University of
Berlin, argues that the system has lost its bearings.

''I think we need a complete review of the Common Agricultural Policy, including
whether farmers should be subsidized at all,'' he said.

Farm subsidies are a controversial economic tool -- and sacrosanct for
politicians in the United States and Europe.

The European Union pays out more than half its annual budget, around $75
billion, in subsidies, four times as much as the United States. They cost each
European Union citizen around $155 a year, according to the European Commission.
The money is raised from customs duties, value-added tax and a contribution made
by each member country based on its wealth.

Europe has moved steadily away from the production incentives of the 1960s, when
the goal was to increase the food supply. The practice of tying subsidies to
production, which led to vast surpluses in the 1980s, was eliminated in a series
of reforms.

Europe was shifting more funds away from farmers to a rural development plan
that last year paid out  $12 billion. The idea was to wean the countryside off
its addiction to subsidies by encouraging it to diversify.

The money could flow to any number of development objectives, including organic
farming, farm tourism, energy projects and rural businesses. National
governments were given great leeway in choosing recipients.

That is how a gravel manufacturer like Arids qualifies for farm subsidies, as
did the Spanish utility giant Endesa, which received $660,000 for installing
electrical connections.

David Blandford, an agricultural economist at Pennsylvania State University,
said the European Union acted wisely. ''In many rural areas, the future of
agriculture and the economic status of farmers really depends on the entire
economy,'' he said.

Over all, the biggest slice of the farm subsidy cake still goes in direct
payments for farmland. But under European Union policy, this land doesn't need
to be farmed to qualify. The wealthier the landowner, the larger the handout is
likely to be.

The Queen of England qualified for more than $750,000 in farm aid in 2008 for
Sandringham Estate, a 20,000-acre royal country retreat. A pet project of Prince
Charles to preserve the Transylvanian countryside also received a nominal sum.
Prince Albert II of Monaco collected more than $700,000 in 2008 for his farms in
France.

The Duke of Westminster  -- the third-richest person in Britain, with a $10
billion fortune  -- collected $800,000 for his farm. Top Farms, the duke's
Polish distributor for his bull-breeding company, Cogent, collected more than
$11 million in subsidies from 2006 to 2007 for dairies in Poland.

The system also benefits the Catholic Church through many of its ancient abbeys
and convents scattered through Italy, Spain, Austria and France.

A typical small farmer in Romania might qualify for about $550 in subsidies, and
that sum ranges upward for farmers in more prosperous countries.

Another stream of money goes to big multinational firms, which can collect
subsidies as long as they operate in Europe. One of them is Cargill -- the
mammoth food producer that is the largest privately held company in the United
States, with revenue of about $170 billion in 2008.

Last year, Cargill received at least $14 million, collecting subsidies in eight
countries, including France, Spain, Germany and the Netherlands.

Some economists say the European Union can address potential inequities by
establishing a financial threshold for aid.

European governments have resisted the idea of a threshold, agreeing only to
very minor reductions in subsidies for the biggest farms.

In the meantime, the safety net stretches far and wide. One grateful recipient
is Heiligenkreuz, an ancient Cistercian order in Austria better known for
Gregorian chants and an unlikely hit album, ''Music for the Soul.''

Last year, the monks struck a half-million-dollar deal with Universal Music.
Then they struck gold again by collecting $822,000 in farm subsidies for their
44,000 acres, where they employ local farmers to cultivate crops.

''I think this is just a question of justice,'' said Father Karl Wallner, dean
of the monastery's faculty. ''The land that is owned by a monastery is being
given the same support as everybody else.''

It may not be what European leaders envisaged when they set out to feed the
Continent almost five decades ago, but Father Wallner calls it ''an act of
providence.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: What do Austrian monks, a Polish dairy business and the Queen
of England have in common? They all get European Union agricultural
aid.(PHOTOGRAPH BY LEFT, HERWIG PRAMMER/REUTERS
CENTER, ADAM LACH FOR THE INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE
RIGHT, POOL PHOTO BY JAMES GLOSSOP)(pg. B1)
 A Polish dairy owned by Top Farms, which collected more than $11 million in aid
in 2006-7.(PHOTOGRAPH BY ADAM LACH FOR THE INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE)(pg. B4)
CHART: Unlikely Farmers: The largest recipients of farm subsidies in Europe are
often not involved in farming. Here are the largest recipients in selected
countries.(Source: European Commission)(pg. B4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Seminar on Pak-India water dispute Speakers ask govt to move ICJ for resolution

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 37

LENGTH: 872  words


The water dispute between India and Pakistan could lead to the Third World War.
Pakistan should approach the International Court of Justice (ICJ) against Indian
water aggression and appeal for the review of the Indus Water Treaty. The
government should seriously consider immediate construction of several dams
including Kalabagh Dam, Bhasha Dam, Mirani Dam, and Gomal Dam otherwise India
could strangulate Pakistan's agriculture, the mainstay of the economy.

These views were expressed by the speakers who were addressing a seminar on
'Water Dispute and What is Solution?' here at the Hameed Nizami Hall on Tuesday.
Punjab Minister for Agriculture Malik Ahmed Ali Aulakh, former Agriculture
Minister Chaudhry Sultan Ali and Indus Water Council Chairman Zahoorul Hasan
Dahar spoke on the occasion.

Earlier, the speakers also met Editor-in-Chief The Nation Majid Nizami at his
office.

Speaking on the occasion, Punjab Agriculture Minister Ahmed Ali Aulakh said that
Pakistan was highly dependent on agriculture, which in turn was dependent on
water. Almost 80 per cent of Pakistan's agriculture was dependent on irrigation,
he added.

He further said that India was committing sheer violation of the Indus Water
Treaty signed in 1960 between both the neighbours. He also said that some
parties were politicising the issue of Indus River water due to some reasons and
this could lead to differences among the coalition partners.

He said that all the provinces had signed agreement regarding the sharing of
water in 1991, but the Sindh province was asking the Punjab not to use the water
of Indus River and postponed the Chashma-Jhelum link canal project.

He said that the Chief Minister Punjab had taken up the issue with Prime
Minister but IRSA was taking such decision that would trigger differences. He
said that some vested interest people had launched foreign-sponsored propaganda
campaign against Kalabagh Dam. He said that there was a need to develop
consensus among the provinces on the issue of Kalabagh Dam.

He said that Indian decision to construct two hydroelectric projects on River
Neelam was another violation of the Indus Basin Water Treaty. He said that India
was speedily building 62 dams or hydroelectric power projects on Chenab and
Jhelum rivers that would be completed before 2014.

"As a matter of fact, India has always violated the treaty intermittently to
create economic crisis in Pakistan. In 1984 a controversy arose between the two
neighbouring states when India began construction of the Wuller Barrage on river
Jhelum in the occupied Kashmir in violation of the Indus Basin Water Treaty. In
the past, the issue of Wuller Barrage has also been discussed in various rounds
of talks, being held under composite dialogue process between the two rivals,
but Indian intransigence continues," he added.

He said that in the mid 1990s India started another violation by constructing
Baglihar Dam on Chenab River. In 2005, Pakistan had again sought the World
Bank's help to stop construction of the Baglihar Dam. Although WB allowed India
to go ahead with the project after a few modifications, yet it did not permit
the interruption of the agreed quota of water flow to Pakistan, he maintained.

Indus Water Council Chairman Zahoorul Hasan Dahar said that India was playing
the role of 'Yazeed' by blocking Pakistan's share of waters and the unending
Indian water aggression could trigger Third World War. He said that Pakistan was
facing severe energy and food crises due to Indian water terrorism. He said that
India suddenly reduced water flow of Chenab River in 2008 to give a setback to
Pakistan's autumnal crops. He further said that the shortage of water in the
Chenab river, occurred due to filling up the Baglihar Dam.

Zahoorul Hasan said that Mangla and Tarbela dams had reached deal level for the
last many days as New Delhi had been using water as an instrument of aggression.
He said that the water shortage was leading to food scarcity, energy crisis, and
closure of industries besides multiplying unemployment in the country. He also
revealed that people were forced to buy a drum of water at Rs 80 in some parts
of Southern Punjab. He also urged the government to pass condemnation resolution
against Indian water aggression in all the four provincial and national
assemblies. He said that the water issue should be on top of the agenda in the
defence policy.

Former Agriculture Minister Sultan Ali Chaudhry said that after the completion
of Tarbela Dam, all the equipment and machinery were shifted to Kalabagh Dam
site to start its construction but the project was postponed during the era of
Gen Ziaul Haq. Since then, the project had not been started. He said that the
Indus Water Treaty should be reviewed and changed so that India could not block
Pakistan's share of waters. He said that some vested interest groups were
getting money from the enemies of Pakistan and had launched propaganda against
the construction of Kalabagh Dam in Sindh.

He said that the construction of Kalabagh Dam was important for all the
provinces as it would help provide 2.5 million acre feet (MAF) water to Punjab
while Sindh would get 2.5 MAF water and one MAF water would be the share of
Balochistan province.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Weekend Australian

              November 8, 2003 Saturday All-round Country Edition

Muddying the water

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Terry Plane

SECTION: FEATURES-TYPE- FEATURE-COLUMN- WEEKEND INQUIRER; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1183 words


An argument over whether water is the only issue is delaying efforts to save the
Murray River. Terry Plane reports.

ABOUT 1000 big swimming pools together hold a gigalitre of water. Imagine the
water from 1.5 million such pools and you're seeing how much scientists say
needs to be pushed down the River Murray each year, on top of what's already
there.

It's a fairly nebulous concept, this extra 1500 gigalitres of water. But it's
more tangible than the alternative argument that will be discussed around the
table at the Murray Darling Basin ministerial council meeting in Melbourne next
Friday. That can be called the outcomes argument.

Gigalitres and outcomes. They are the competing positions.

Suddenly gigalitres become simple. They mean a whole lot more water flowing down
the river, flushing out the salt, flushing out the river mouth, saving the red
gums, revitalising areas that are dying, boosting fish stocks, bringing back
bird-life.

A river that moves and goes somewhere. From the Snowy Mountains up around
Thredbo in NSW to the sea at Goolwa in South Australia. One gigalitre is
1billion litres, or the contents of 1000 pools 1m deep and measuring 50m by 20m.
The South Australian Government estimates the Murray flow as usually 3
gigalitres to 10 gigalitres a day.

The outcomes position, according to NSW Natural Resources Minister Craig
Knowles, is more sophisticated. It looks at economic and social issues as well
as environmental ones. It acknowledges the scientific position -- the value of
an extra 1500 gigalitres -- but doesn't accept it as the whole truth.

"What are the results we want?" says Knowles. "You can only do what you've got
the money to do. My position on the [scientific] reports is to see them line up
on environmental, social and economic analysis. Each one must be seen in the
context of the other two."  Council chairman and federal Agriculture Minister
Warren Truss, is the other principal advocate of the outcomes position, but he
denies it's being used to muddy the scientific approach.

"There are a lot of hands in the bowl," says Truss. "Six jurisdictions. That
inevitably means difficulties."  The six are the commonwealth, which will be
represented around the table by Truss, Environment Minister David Kemp and
Conservation Minister Ian McDonald, and NSW, Victoria, South Australia,
Queensland and the ACT.

The players will not necessarily line up along traditional party lines, as
evidenced by Truss and Knowles forming a philosophical alliance. The federal
Government will not necessarily line up on the same side of the argument, with
Kemp supporting the scientific approach.

What all ministers at the council meeting will keep in mind is that the
community of irrigators, from one end of the Murray Darling Basin to the other,
is becoming frustrated by official inaction. Long portrayed as the intractable
Luddites in the debate, they just want to know what the plan is.

"The most important thing is for the ministerial council to take some decisions
about the Murray," says Community Advisory Committee chairwoman Leith Boully, a
Queensland irrigator and heavy water user. "People are looking for them to sign
off on an approach. They can't embarrass the country by wasting the money. If we
don't save the River Murray, people won't want to invest here again."  The money
is the $500 million package pulled together by Prime Minister John Howard and
agreed to through the Council of Australian Governments forum. There will be
robust debate next Friday about how that money should be spent.

There could be some tension when Truss calls on South Australia to increase its
contribution to the fund. The state at the end of the river, which extracts only
6per cent of total flows, has imposed a household levy of $30 to raise $79
million over four years as a contribution to river works.

"I'm disappointed with South Australia's offer," Truss tells Inquirer. "NSW and
Victoria are putting in about double the amount of South Australia. South
Australia's going to have to make a contribution, financially and in giving up
water. We'll be looking for a proposal from South Australia for water savings.
It can't just be a matter of demands on other states."  South Australian
Environment Minister John Hill, a leading advocate for increased flows of 1500
gigalitres, finds Truss's comments "bizarre".

"Pro rata we're contributing a significant amount," he says. "Logically the most
money should come from the states using the most water."  NSW takes 58 per cent
of water used for irrigation, Hill says, Victoria just over 30 per cent and
South Australia 6 per cent. He also points out South Australia capped its water
extraction in the 1960s and has maintained that level, while NSW and Victoria
did not impose caps until the '90s.

"We've been good managers of the resource," Hill says. "South Australia is the
smallest state [in the basin] with the smallest budget. Why would [Truss]
reflect on an agreement between his Prime Minister and our Premier [at the
COAG]?"  Hill is keen to acknowledge the COAG's role in "breaking through
financially", with the $500 million package and is hopeful the ministerial
council meeting will find agreement on how the money should be spent.

He favours using most of the money on buying back users' water rights -- 500
gigalitres as a first step -- with some engineering works, although several
ministers interviewed mentioned that the Murray Darling Basin Commission was
sitting on $150 million for capital works.

Hill is an advocate of "new money for new water", a position strongly supported
by Boully. Each jurisdiction will have "some difficulties", according to Hill. "
Money will be spent to get water back that shouldn't have been taken in the
first place."  Knowles, on the other hand, thinks the issue "far too complex for
slogans".

"It's a more sophisticated argument than simply how much water we're sending
down the river," says Knowles. Nevertheless, he's "feeling quite optimistic"
that ministers will leave Friday's meeting with a plan of action.

"The opportunity exists next week to come out with a plan and start work earlier
than most people expect. It's in governments' interest to articulate what the
community expects to see in terms of results," he says.

Truss is less optimistic and less willing. "I don't have any expectations," he
says of finding agreement on quick action. He feels COAG needs to give a
stronger lead on its spending agenda before the $500 million is committed.

"I don't think the meeting [on Friday] is going to have enough figures to make
commitments," Truss says. "But it's not as though nothing's happening. I hope
that coming out of this will be a plan to develop first-step initiatives.
There's a genuine desire to address issues."  Final decisions would have to wait
until economic and social outcomes had been evaluated, he says. "The first step
has to be a no-regrets initiative -- identifying ways of obtaining water without
creating economic and social disadvantage."

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                                December 1, 2016
                                 First Edition

Farm sector key to growth: Minister

SECTION: CTY; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 398  words


As the Barnett Government unveiled a plan to find another $10 billion to grow
jobs and businesses, Agriculture Minister Mark Lewis says WA should look to
farming to future-proof the economy.

Mr Lewis also suggested the Foreign Investment Review Board should be obliged to
take greater consideration of whether an investor was willing to spend money to
improve land and infrastructure to improve productivity when screening a deal.

The minister  has released a blueprint for attracting investment to the WA
agriculture sector and said growing the farming sector would broaden the economy
to protect jobs in the face of the mining downturn.

"If you are treasurer, where do you turn when you want jobs - it's agriculture,"
Mr Lewis  said.

Investment Ready, the Government's WA agribusiness report, said the State had a
lot of of mid-sized farming and pastoral businesses not meeting their full
potential and showed how much more could be contributed to the State economy if
those businesses were supported with foreign investment.

The study found there was a shortfall of $10 billion to allow WA to tap properly
into its future growth potential and to double in size by 2025.

"WA needs a wide range of new farms and new factories to spring up; farms and
factories targeting the emerging middle classes of Asia," the report said.

The report targets specific multinational agricultural businesses such as
American company Cargill and China's WH Group as potential investors.

It points to dozens of mid-sized private and family-owned farming and
agricultural businesses in WA ripe for foreign funding.

Mr Lewis said while the State Government was doing what it could to bring in
foreign investment, changes could be made to the FIRB to ease the flow of
overseas capital.

"I think the limits to FIRB are too low," he said.

Mr Lewis said WA had broadly been immune to the push-back against foreign
investment in farming land seen on the east coast.

Foreign investors owned 10.9 per cent of WA agricultural land on June 30, while
13.6 per cent was held nationally by foreign interests.

Last month, Queensland MP and leader of Katter's Australia Party Bob Katter led
the attack on the proposed purchase of the Kidman cattle estate because it
involved Chinese money.

Gina Rinehart was eventually forced to offer reassurance she would buy the
property outright if FIRB blocked the Chinese component to the bid.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Robb's rift with Morrison on land sale;
Exclusive - Agriculture - 'Political' claim

BYLINE: Peter Hartcher, James Massola, Jared Lynch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 581 words


Trade and Investment Minister Andrew Robb has branded his government's decision
to block the foreign sale of the 101,411-square-kilometre S. Kidman & Co. cattle
stations as "political", and backed greater foreign investment in Australian
agriculture.

Treasurer Scott Morrison announced the decision on Thursday, citing the national
interest clause in the Foreign Investment Act, the size of the 10 properties in
the portfolio and national security issues around access to the Woomera weapons
testing range.

But in comments that highlight a rift between the Trade Minister and the
Treasurer, Mr Robb said Australia had "always depended on foreign investment for
agriculture, because no bugger here will put money into the sector".

"You can't get an Australian investor to put money into agriculture for love nor
money," he said. "Even sophisticated Australian investors won't put money into
it. Agriculture is too long term for them, even though it's our great strength."

Implying that opposition to the sale was irrational, he said: "I've heard about
selling Australia forever. I just haven't seen a farm leave the country yet."

Asked if he was unhappy about it, Mr Robb said: "You might surmise that."

The decision, he said, "is political".

It is the second major foreign investment in agriculture to be blocked by the
Coalition government, after the ADM Graincorp deal in 2013, and has delighted
Nationals and infuriated Liberal economic dries.

Mr Robb did not personally criticise Mr Morrison, but said: "We have to carry
people with us. There's politics around it, which we have to manage. Scott
Morrison has a difficult job managing these issues.

"I'm not immune to the job of managing community expectations and fears while we
manage the investment flows."

He said the trade agreements he had negotiated with South Korea, Japan and China
were helping attract new investment to Australia from those nations, but that
"every new wave of investment elicits the same response".

Nationals senator John Williams said he believed "all foreign acquisitions of
agricultural land - private or state owned - should go through the FIRB [Foreign
Investment Review Board], to see if it's in the national interest", while also
calling for the property portfolio to be split up.

Fellow Nationals senator Matthew Canavan said major loopholes in Australia's
foreign investment arrangements needed to be closed.

Both men said laws due to be debated in the Senate on Monday which lower the
threshold for screening foreign investments in agricultural land from $252
million down to $15 million should be backed by Labor.

Labor agriculture spokesman Joel Fitzgibbon dismissed the call for the Kidman
holdings to be broken up, a move Mr Morrison has indicated he would consider,
and accused the Turnbull government of having a discriminatory foreign
investment policy.

"The [2012] Greener Pastures report tells us that to meet our aspirations we
will need $600 billion in investment in agriculture by 2050, and as an island
nation with a small population, by definition much of that will need to come
from foreign sources," Mr Fitzgibbon said.

The author of that report, former consultant turned Liberal MP Angus Taylor,
declined to comment, but privately some Liberal MPs indicated their surprise and
disappointment.

The 10 farms comprise about 1.3 per cent of Australia's land mass and include
the Anna Creek property, about 60 per cent of which overlaps the Woomera
Prohibited Area.

News Review: Kidman's Kingdom, Page 28

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     January 10, 1997, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

State's priorities: Water, transportation top list for Congress

BYLINE: Ken Foskett; WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 658 words

DATELINE: Washington


The new Congress will tackle several issues this year that have major
consequences for Georgia, deciding how much water the state will have for growth
and how much money it will get for roads, bridges and mass transit.

Cities from Atlanta to Savannah also will be urging members of the 105th
Congress, who convened for business this week, to fund both large and small
projects in their jurisdictions.

The costliest may be an idea by the city of Atlanta to seek congressional
funding for the city's water infrastructure problems, including the construction
of combined sewer overflow facilities to prevent sewage and storm water from
contaminating local rivers.

City officials are still trying to decide how much they can ask for to help
defray the five-year cost of all water-related projects, estimated at close to $
700 million.

The city also will ask for more money for Hartsfield International Airport's
fifth runway project and seek help in getting Hartsfield declared an equine port
by the Department of Agriculture. Only three other U.S. airports have the
designation, which would allow Atlanta to be a port of entry for horses.

In Savannah and Brunswick, officials will ask Congress for more funds to dredge
local rivers to improve the flow of tanker and ship traffic at the state's two
busiest ports.

The Sidney Lanier Bridge in Brunswick, which got a federal grant of $ 7 million
last year, will be up for more funding this year. The project, still not
finished, has received about half of its $ 50 million federal authorization.

The U.S. 27 bypass around the Chickamauga-Chattanooga Military Park in northwest
Georgia also will be eligible for more federal funding to help complete the
four-lane corridor extending from Walker County to Decatur County. Since 1989,
the federal government has given the state $ 28 million toward the $ 66 million
project.

Sen. Paul Coverdell (R-Ga.) also will be looking for some money to fund a peanut
competitiveness center at one of the University of Georgia's agricultural
research centers.

The idea for the center, devoted to exploring more trade opportunities for
Georgia peanut growers, grew out of the overhaul of the farm program last year.

The legislation with the broadest implications for Georgia, however, will be
Congress' action on the water compacts between Georgia, Alabama and Florida and
the reauthorization of $ 25 billion a year in highway money for all 50 states.

The water pacts first must be approved by the state legislatures in all three
states. Harold Reheis, director of the state Environmental Protection Division,
wants Congress to act on the pacts before the end of 1997.

The pacts lay out the framework for the three states to agree on water
allocation levels from the Chattahoochee, Flint, Apalachicola, Coosa and
Tallapoosa rivers.

Such pacts, more common in Western states, would be the first in the Southeast.

"It should just be a formality," said Rep. Mac Collins (R-Ga.). "The Congress
should not have a lot of room to disagree" with the state's actions.

Congress is also planning to reauthorize the Intermodal Surface Transportation
Efficiency Act, known as ISTEA, which sets out the formulas under which states
receive money from the highway trust funds.

In the last federal budget, Georgia got $ 473.4 million in ISTEA money, funding
everything from bike paths in Atlanta to the state's new computer-monitored
highway system.

But Georgia is one of more than 20 states that puts more money into the highway
trust funds than it gets out under the ISTEA funding formulas, averaging about
79 cents back from every dollar it sends to Washington in motor fuel taxes.

The inequity will be one of the major topics of debate as Congress reconsiders
the ISTEA legislation early this year. The outcome will determine funding levels
for dozens of transportation projects in Atlanta and the state over the next
five to seven years.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            March 10, 2007 Saturday
                                 VENICE EDITION

Peace River plan just 'talk';
fficials, environmentalists question whether state DEP's conservation plan is
real thing

BYLINE: By KATE SPINNER kate.spinner@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BV1

LENGTH: 840 words


Without a funding plan or a strategy, a proposal by state regulators to conserve
more land in the Peace River watershed is just talk, elected officials and
environmentalists say.

In a management plan meant to guide restoration of the Peace River, the state
Department of Environmental Protection suggested that local and state leaders
work together to acquire land along the river.

But the plan offers no funding strategy or guidance on how to start the process
of acquiring land in the Peace River watershed, which has lost at least 31,000
acres of wetlands since 1979.

It is up to the state Legislature to provide money and direction to implement
most of the management plan. Some legislators said the plan offers too little
detail for any sort of action to be taken now.

"We need to see which lands and what kind of price tag we're looking at," said
state Rep. Paige Kreegel, a Punta Gorda Republican. "Until you get nitty-gritty
detail, talk's just that, it's coffee talk."

The Peace River begins in Polk County near Bartow and flows 100 miles west until
it reaches Charlotte Harbor. The river is vital to the health of the harbor and
is a major source of drinking water for the region.

A lengthy study that the DEP used to create the management plan documented
alterations to the river's watershed that led to the loss of 343 streams,
600,000 acres of forests, and 137,000 acres of wetlands between 1940 and 1999.

Phosphate mining and intense agriculture caused most of the damage during those
decades.

Buying land in the watershed, or obtaining the right to use it, is one of
several strategies the DEP proposed to reverse the damage and to prevent more
harm in the future.

Dee Ann Miller, a DEP spokeswoman, said DEP will meet with its lands division
and local leaders to plot out the land in the 2,400-square-mile watershed that
needs to be protected. At the same time, they plan to discuss an acquisition and
funding strategy.

It is premature to talk about money, Miller said.

Buying land to protect the river is not a new idea and historically it has not
been a simple task.

The Southwest Florida Water Management District has been using state funds to
buy land in the Peace River watershed for years and has so far bought or
obtained conservation easements for 43,400 acres.

Earlier this month the district identified an additional 120,000 acres it would
like to acquire in the watershed.

Money is the obvious obstacle, but convincing land owners to sell their property
or put it under a conservation easement is another, said Fritz Musselman,
director of land resources for the water management district.

"It's a voluntary program, and if a landowner doesn't want to sell their
property, you don't buy their property," Musselman said.

About seven years ago, the water district tried to buy 60,000 acres along Horse
Creek, which provides 15 percent of the Peace River's flow and is viewed as one
of its most important tributaries.

The district could not buy the land because the mining companies and a few
farmers that owned it would not sell.

There is no indication mining companies will now willingly sell their property
before they extract the ore.

David Townsend, a spokesman for the Mosiac mining company, said the company owns
its land because it wants to extract phosphate there. The phosphate is primarily
used as fertilizer.

Mosiac, the world's largest producer of phosphate, owns 250,000 acres in central
Florida and mineral rights to another 80,000. More than half of those lands lie
in the Peace River basin, Townsend said.

Miller said the DEP's goal to acquire more land in the watershed does not
necessarily mean buying land.

She said the agency will ensure that Horse Creek is protected through
conservation easements stemming from permits that are pending for mines that lie
in the creek's watershed.

"We are working toward that end in acquiring conservation easements through
regulatory mechanisms," Miller said.

Bill Dunson, a former biology professor who has studied the effects of phosphate
mining for Charlotte County, said he has no faith in the state agency to protect
land through regulation.

"All they do is sit up there and make regulations that usually never work,"
Dunson said.

He said the only thing that works to protect natural resources is buying land.

All the money spent on studies, regulation and lawsuits, he said, would have
been better spent buying land.

Charlotte, Sarasota and Lee counties have spent $12 million in legal fees to
battle permits DEP issued for phosphate mines in the region.

Those battles partly explain why the Legislature in 2003 ordered the DEP to
create a management plan for the Peace River. The study and management plan cost
$750,000.

Glen Compton, of the environmental group Manasota-88, said he is skeptical about
the DEPs proposals. But he said it is heartening the agency is taking a closer
look at the Peace River.

"DEP really has been brought into land acquisition and restoration a lot of
times through litigation," Compton said. "Only time will tell if the study will
be of benefit or not."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2
 STAFF PHOTO / ED PFUELLER / ed.pfueller@heraldtribune.com An anhinga dries
itself along a marshy bank of the Peace River as seen from a wilderness cruise
last month in DeSoto County. STAFF PHOTO / ED PFUELLER /
ed.pfueller@heraldtribune.com Since 1979, 31,000 acres of wetlands like these in
DeSoto County have disappeared from the Peace River basin. Water flow in the
river also has decreased at a time when usage is increasing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday

Innovation tops wish-list for farmers

BYLINE: Cynthia Vukets Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 282 words


While business risk management is the top priority for Ontario's grain farmers,
there are other issues on the minds of agricultural producers across Canada.

The Canadian Federation of Agriculture lists increased funding for research,
increased access to export markets, support for environmental stewardship and
harmonized pesticide regulation among its members' top priorities.

"Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada has seen their total funding cut 42 per cent
from an average of $4.5 billion between 2004-2008 to $2.57 billion for
2011-2012. If even a fraction of this savings was reinvested into agricultural
research and innovation, Canadian agriculture would be well situated for another
20 years of growth," states the CFA document "Key messages from Canadian
farmers".

Organic producers have a political wish-list as well, says Laura Telford,
executive director of Canadian Organic Growers. While organic agriculture
accounts for only 1.5 per cent of the Canadian industry, it is a fast-growing
sector, she says.

However, Telford says, organic producers fear issues vital to their sector are
not being addressed.

Those issues include protection from genetic contamination due to genetically
modified crops, a reward program for ecologically responsible agriculture and
federal investment in marketing the two-year-old Canada Organic label.

"We want to ensure that our producers are able to make a living, make money and
produce good quality food," NDP agriculture critic Alex Atamanenko told the
Star.

"Farmers want to make money from the marketplace, not the mailbox," said
Conservative Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz during a debate organized by the
Canadian Federation of Agriculture on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            January 28, 2002 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Dry spell puts state on edge of worst drought in 50 years

BYLINE: Vanessa Wilson, and Malcolm Brown

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 497 words


More than half of NSW is in the grip of drought, forcing water restrictions on
farmers and fuelling fears that unless substantial rain comes within weeks, the
state will experience its worst drought for 50 years.

Water-dependent crops such as sorghum and rice have been hardest hit and water
prices have soared in some areas.

The drought has hit the state selectively. In the Riverina, water restrictions
have become so acute that ricegrowers are considering sacrificing at least some
of their crops.

In a move that farmers have attacked as being long overdue, the Minister for
Land and Water Conservation, John Aquilina, has announced the Coleambally
Irrigation Area in the Riverina will receive additional water from the Murray
Valley. It will be diverted into the Murrumbidgee system this week.

One Leeton water broker, Neil Camm, said the price of water at Colleambally had
risen from $30 to $40 a megalitre to an average of $163. The highest price was
$210.

Elsewhere in the state, the drought and water restrictions are hurting water
users hard.

In Armidale, horticulturist Roger Money is dreading July 1 when new government
regulations will probably prevent him from pumping from the Commissioner's Water
River once the flow drops below a minimum level.

"The level has been way down," he said. "The last couple of days have brought
rain but if there is no more substantial rain in the next four to five weeks it
will go down again.

"If it is like this in July, I stand to lose 20,000-plus plants here because the
cost of watering them by other means would be prohibitive. We only need in the
region of two megalitres a year, but if we can't get that, we'll be out of
business."

A spokesperson for Mr Aquilina said the Government was willing to work with Mr
Money to help him build a dam. A draft water-sharing plan for the area would go
on public display next month, and the final plan would be decided in
consultation with local water users.

The chief executive of the NSW Farmers' Association, Mr Jonathan McKeown, said
more than half of NSW was in drought or in marginal conditions in what could
become the worst drought to hit the state in 50 years.

A spokesman for the NSW Agriculture Minister, Richard Amery, said farmers were
able to apply for aid under "exceptional circumstances" criteria. The
applications would be assessed by the Federal Department of Agriculture
Fisheries and Forestry.

But the Farmers' Association has called for a review of the exceptional
circumstances policy. Mr McKeown said that under the present system, it took too
long to process the applications and get the money out.

"It takes six to 12 months for the funds to go out when farmers need relief in a
matter of weeks," he said. "We also need a proper national natural disaster
relief fund which requires contributions from all state governments and
preferably some sort of community support across the country which is flexible
enough to meet the needs of those victims straight after these events occur."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Time for some tough decisions ... Duncan Fraser checks the water
levels around the rice crop on his property, about 40 kilometres from Hay.
Photo: Quentin Jones

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Floods, fire and hope in Sanpete

LENGTH: 793 words


By Amy Joi

O'Donoghue

Deseret News

MORONI, Sanpete County - When the waters of the San Pitch River came roaring out
of the mountains two years ago, John Syme was fighting the debris that came
tumbling with it.

The water was strong enough to suck the boom of a backhoe square against the
irrigation diversion wall, nearly devouring that key structure with its fierce
flows.

Such a buildup of debris not only causes floods by sending cascading waters in
the wrong direction, but it also chokes off precious water in the summer when
farmers need it the most.

"And then this baby came along and saved our bacon," Syme said, pointing proudly
at the new conglomeration of steel and concrete.

That "baby" is part of more than $6 million that has been spent on the ground in
Sanpete County in flood control and fire restoration projects in a collaborative
effort tapping federal, state and local entities.

The Natural Resources Conservation Service, within the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, spent $4.7 million via an Emergency Watershed Protection grant that
garnered an additional $1.4 million from its local partners.

Here at this spot along the San Pitch River in Moroni, the money paid for a new
irrigation diversion structure and "sluicing" box, which captures sand, gravel
and other large rocks, keeping them from plugging piped irrigation canals
farther downstream.

Over the years, Syme said all manner of debris has plugged up flows, including
tires, tree limbs, even a dead yearling colt.

What used to take weeks to clear in a hazardous undertaking now occupies Syme's
attention for only a few days because of the way the new diversion structure was
designed.

"It is just unbelievable what this has done for us," he said.

Jones & DeMille Engineering used three contractors to juggle the 40 projects
that spanned the county and tackled the aftermath of both floods and fires.

"We had intense, massive flooding from the 2011 snowpack in our towns and the
problems from the wildfire the next summer," said Sanpete County Commission
Chairwoman Claudia Jarrett.

"How could a county like ours handle all that? We have the second to lowest
median income in the state and rank 28 of 29 for poverty. To have the NRCS come
in and help, it was just manna from heaven," Jarrett said.

In rural Utah's political climate where the federal government is often cast as
a foe, the conservation agency has earned the gratitude of locals who say the
projects are critical to avert potential disasters down the road.

In Ephraim, city engineer and planner Brian Kimball said the emergency watershed
funding rehabilitated the sagging Gobble Field Canal parked above subdivisions
and Snow College.

The canal system includes a diversion structure that serves as a hydropower
plant, delivering 6 gigawatts of electrical power a year.

"We almost lost it in the flooding," Kimball said. "That is infrastructure that
for us is critical, and for a city like ours, we don't have that kind of money
just sitting around. For us to have this repaired is a small miracle."

Funded by Congress, the idea behind the Emergency Watershed Protection program
is to address problems created by natural disasters such as floods, fires and
windstorms.

That money in Sanpete County also helped the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources
and other entities carry out a massive reseeding project in the shadow of the
2012 Wood Hollow Fire that burned more than 45,000 acres.

The seeding, tackling the burn scars most vulnerable to flooding and mudflows,
was carried out the past two years, and the results were anxiously watched this
year as the summer rains came.

"We have not heard of any problems this year," said Bronson Smart, Natural
Resources Conservation Service state engineer. "It seems to be doing the job."

Bronson said about $120 million in Emergency Watershed grants has been spent in
Utah over the last four years, tackling flood control improvement projects in
Weber and Salt Lake counties and putting in upgrades in Washington County, where
flash flooding is an annual late summer threat.

Natural Resources Conservation Service spokesman Ron Francis said the thrust of
the program is to not come in and embrace vast, new-fangled projects but to make
improvements to systems already in place - in the event of another disaster.

At Wales, a tiny farming community west of Manti, the program delivered a
facelift to a 1939-era Civilian Conservation Corps flood control wall that has
mostly withstood the onslaught of seasonal runoff and directed the water away
from the town.

"It's done a good job over the years, and the construction is amazing," Francis
said. "This will help that (Civilian Conservation Corps wall) work and help keep
this community safe from flooding."

Email: amyjoi@deseretnews.com

Twitter: amyjoi16

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Homeward Bond

BYLINE: By NGOZI OKONJO-IWEALA and DILIP RATHA.

Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala is the managing director of the World Bank. Dilip Ratha is
the manager of its Migration and Remittances Unit.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 804 words


HERE'S a statistic you may not be aware of: about 50 percent of the world's
uncultivated, arable land is in Africa. This abundance of potential farmland
offers Africa the opportunity to feed itself and to help feed the rest of the
globe. But consider another statistic: because of poor roads and a lack of
storage, African farmers can lose up to 50 percent of their crop just trying to
get it to market.

In other words, Africa needs not only greater investment in agriculture, but
also in roads, ports and other facilities that are vital to moving the land's
products to consumers. Fortunately, part of the solution could lie with the
almost 23 million African migrants around the globe, who together have an annual
savings of more than $30 billion. Tapping into this money with so-called
diaspora bonds could help provide Africa with the equipment and services it
needs for long-term growth and poverty reduction.

These diaspora bonds would be in essence structured like any bonds on the
market, but would be sold by governments, private companies and public-private
partnerships to Africans living abroad. The bonds would be sold in small
denominations, from $100 to $10,000, to individual investors or, in larger
denominations, to institutional and foreign investors.

Preliminary estimates suggest that sub-Saharan African countries (excluding
South Africa, which doesn't have significant emigration) could raise $5 billion
to $10 billion a year through diaspora bonds. Countries like Ghana, Kenya and
Zambia, which have fairly large numbers of migrants living abroad in high-income
countries, would particularly profit from issuing diaspora bonds.

There are precedents for such moves. Greece announced this week that it was
preparing to issue $3 billion worth of diaspora bonds in the United States.
India and Israel have issued diaspora bonds in the past, raising over $35
billion, often in times of financial crises.

Why would diaspora bonds work so well? For one thing, the idea taps into
emigrants' continuing patriotism and desire to give back to their home
countries. And because diaspora populations often build strong webs of churches,
community groups and newspapers, bond issuers would be able to tap into a
ready-made marketing network.

Another advantage of diaspora bonds for African countries is that migrants make
more stable investors in their home countries than people without local
knowledge. They're less likely to pull out at the first sign of trouble. And
they wouldn't demand the same high rate of interest as a foreign investor, who
wants to compensate for the risk of investing in what would seem to them like a
relatively unknown developing country.

Diaspora bonds could also be issued in the local currency, as migrants are
likely to be less averse to the risk of currency devaluation. That's because
members of the diaspora have more use for local currency than foreign investors;
migrants can always use it when they go back home or for family-related
expenses.

Take, for example, an African living in the United States who now earns an
annual interest rate of less than 1 percent on small deposits; a diaspora bond
with an interest rate of about 5 percent certainly might seem attractive. To
make the bond even more appealing, the countries the migrants reside in could
provide tax breaks on interest income. Donor or multilateral aid agencies could
also offer credit enhancements in the form of partial guarantees, to mitigate
default risks.

Even more money could flow into Africa if countries tapped into the billions of
dollars that members of the diaspora send home each year by using those
remittances as collateral to raise financing from international markets. This
approach has allowed banks in several developing countries -- including Brazil,
Egypt, El Salvador, Guatemala, Kazakhstan, Mexico and Turkey -- to raise more
than $15 billion since 2000.

Here's how this works: When a migrant transfers foreign currency to a relative's
creditworthy bank in his home country, the bank pays out the remittance from its
holding of local currency. That transaction creates a foreign currency asset
equivalent to the size of the remittance, which can be used as collateral for
borrowing cheaply and over the long term in overseas capital markets.

Such borrowing has no effect on the flow of money from migrants to their
beneficiaries. Yet development banks, national banks in developing countries and
donor agencies can partner to harness enough remittances and create enough
collateral to raise significant sums of money to invest in agriculture, roads,
housing and other vital projects.

The people of Africa are scattered around the globe, but many still feel a
powerful sense of belonging to the continent. Through diaspora bonds and
remittances, they could create a better future for their homeland.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY OTTO DETTMER)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                               December 04, 2014

State Dishes Out K150 Million for Farmers' Arrears

BYLINE: Kasonde Kasonde

LENGTH: 356 words


GOVERNMENT has released K150 million to pay off outstanding arrears to farmers
who sold their maize to the Food Reserve Agency (FRA).

Agriculture and Livestock Minister Wylbur Simuusa said in an interview that
Government hopes to offset the arrears for farmers by the end of this week.

"As I am talking right now some more funds have just been made available and
farmers across the country are receiving their dues," he said.

Mr Simuusa said farmers from Eastern, Copperbelt, Luapula, Western and
North-Western provinces would be paid from the funds that have just been
released.

Commenting on farmers that were beaten by Police officers in Eastern Province
for staging a demonstration over their dues, Mr Simuusa said the farmers should
not be used by politicians bent on pursuing their own agenda.

He has since urged farmers to be patient if they were to maximise profits in
their produce.

The minister further stated that Government attached great importance to
agriculture because farmers contribute significantly to national development.

Meanwhile, farmers in Serenje District have threatened to riot if they are not
paid their money.?The farmers who stormed the District Commissioner's office
yesterday said they were tired of the delays and would resort to rioting to push
the FRA to pay them.

Serenje District Commissioner Charles Mwelwa said farmers stormed his office and
demanded to be paid.

The farmers refused to leave his office demanding their money and accused the
FRA of not wanting to pay them.

'Farmers stormed my office and demanded to be paid failure to which they
threatened to riot in the streets and disrupt traffic flow in the district', Mr
Mwelwa said.

Mr Mwelwa has since assured the farmers that they would receive their money soon
as the Government releases funds to settle the outstanding money.

Government was aware that the farmers were preparing their fields for the next
farming season.

He also said the distribution of the farming input in the district was almost
complete as the full consignment had been received.

Mr Mwelwe said the district received 42,000 by 50Kg bags of D Compound, 39,000
by 50Kg top dressing.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Capital

                               December 30, 2013

More money needed for Africa's agriculture sector

LENGTH: 1007 words


Africa's low budget allocation for agriculture does not seem to recognize that
most of its citizens are farmers, says a new report by Action Aid.
The report looked at a number of countries and their regular practices regarding
agriculture and it stated that most countries did not meet the 10 percent budget
target for the agriculture sector.The report places Ethiopia among only seven
countries that have managed to reach the 10 percent budget target
constantly.African public spending on agriculture per worker declined from
USD152 in 1980-89 to just USD45 in 2005-07. By contrast, every other region of
the world witnessed increases in such spending over the same period.The 'Walk
the talk' report suggests that African countries' governments can get the
finance that is needed for their agriculture sectors through several measures
such as reducing military spending as well as abolishing massive tax exemptions
given to companies.According to recent research done by Action Aid, four East
African countries Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania and Rwanda lose up to USD 2.8 billion
every year from tax incentives and exemptions their governments provide.
Clamping down on the illicit financial flows, mainly through tax evasion, which
cost Africa an average of USD 60 billion a year during 2005 to 2010, is also
another suggestion the report provides.The report reads that once an appropriate
budget has been allocated, spending it needs to be matched by improvements in
the quality of spending and the efficiency of ministries in the agriculture
sector needs to improve.

It says that ministries often lack adequate capacity to implement policies, such
as staff with appropriate skills or mechanisms to ensure coordination within and
across departments.Corruption is also stated as a huge problem facing the
African agriculture sector. The report states that transparency in the
government budget is vital to ensure the best use of resources, prevent
corruption and help citizens to hold the government accountable. Lack of
transparency means that farmers will not know what resources or services they
are entitled to.Another hindrance for the sector is the insufficient involvement
of smallholder farmers in the design and implementation of agriculture budgets
and policies. The report states that farmers' organizations are often ignored or
by passed in the crucial process of designing policies for the sector.  On a
positive note, the report does acknowledge that African governments have
improved mechanisms to consult with farmers in recent years.  Investing in
agricultural research is also underlined as a necessity for the sector as it can
be vital to imparting knowledge and technology to farmers. Furthermore, research
can play a huge role in developing improved seed varieties, increasing yields or
developing small scale farming equipment.According to the report, for every one
percent increase in yield from the investment of agricultural research in the
continent, two million people can be lifted out of poverty[#xf06e].

Africa's low budget allocation for agriculture does not seem to recognize that
most of its citizens are farmers, says a new report by Action Aid.
The report looked at a number of countries and their regular practices regarding
agriculture and it stated that most countries did not meet the 10 percent budget
target for the agriculture sector.The report places Ethiopia among only seven
countries that have managed to reach the 10 percent budget target
constantly.African public spending on agriculture per worker declined from
USD152 in 1980-89 to just USD45 in 2005-07. By contrast, every other region of
the world witnessed increases in such spending over the same period.The 'Walk
the talk' report suggests that African countries' governments can get the
finance that is needed for their agriculture sectors through several measures
such as reducing military spending as well as abolishing massive tax exemptions
given to companies.According to recent research done by Action Aid, four East
African countries Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania and Rwanda lose up to USD 2.8 billion
every year from tax incentives and exemptions their governments provide.
Clamping down on the illicit financial flows, mainly through tax evasion, which
cost Africa an average of USD 60 billion a year during 2005 to 2010, is also
another suggestion the report provides.The report reads that once an appropriate
budget has been allocated, spending it needs to be matched by improvements in
the quality of spending and the efficiency of ministries in the agriculture
sector needs to improve. It says that ministries often lack adequate capacity to
implement policies, such as staff with appropriate skills or mechanisms to
ensure coordination within and across departments.Corruption is also stated as a
huge problem facing the African agriculture sector. The report states that
transparency in the government budget is vital to ensure the best use of
resources, prevent corruption and help citizens to hold the government
accountable. Lack of transparency means that farmers will not know what
resources or services they are entitled to.Another hindrance for the sector is
the insufficient involvement of smallholder farmers in the design and
implementation of agriculture budgets and policies. The report states that
farmers' organizations are often ignored or by passed in the crucial process of
designing policies for the sector.  On a positive note, the report does
acknowledge that African governments have improved mechanisms to consult with
farmers in recent years.  Investing in agricultural research is also underlined
as a necessity for the sector as it can be vital to imparting knowledge and
technology to farmers. Furthermore, research can play a huge role in developing
improved seed varieties, increasing yields or developing small scale farming
equipment.According to the report, for every one percent increase in yield from
the investment of agricultural research in the continent, two million people can
be lifted out of poverty[#xf06e].

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1223


                     Copyright 2013 Crown Publishing P.L.C
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

Deadline for Triton contract month away

BYLINE: Vershal Hogan, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 574 words


Jan. 22--FERRIDAY -- Feb. 19 is do or die for the proposal to overhaul
Ferriday's water system.

That's the day the town has to have all of its information about its contract
with Triton Company ready for the state bond commission.

The bond commission has to approve any debt a municipality incurs.

The Ferriday board of aldermen voted in October to allow Mayor Glen McGlothin to
sign the contract with Triton, a 20-year agreement that will result in the
replacement of all of the town's water meters and the construction of two new
water tanks at the town's water treatment plant.

Triton will also rehabilitate the inside of the water plant and install new
electronic communication equipment.

The contract has not been executed yet because the town wants to add the option
of early payout, McGlothin said.

"If I can see down the line that we are making money, I would like to go to the
local banks and get a lower interest rate and a lower note," McGlothin said.
"Their contract did not allow for that."

The new version of the contract -- which is currently being completed -- will be
virtually identical, except it have the option of an early payout.

"I don't want some other mayor to be stuck 10 or 12 years down the road with
something we have done," McGlothin said. "One of the water plants has been a
drain on the economy of Ferriday for so many years, so we want to avoid doing
that again."

The state legislative auditor reviewed the water system's finances last April.

"They made suggestions on how to improve the cash flow, and it was suggested
that they make sure the billing was correct," Town Attorney Anna Ferguson said.

That meant replacing the water meters, some of which don't read accurately and
others that don't work at all.

Currently, there is a flat rate minimum for both residential and business
customers, a hangover from old requirements imposed by a previous lender whose
debt obligations have been met, Ferguson said.

Ferguson said with the new, more accurate meters, some customers bills will
likely go up, but McGlothin has previously said that the system will increase
the town's utility revenue by $300,000 a year just by keeping accurate records.

The total Triton-associated costs will be $2.3 million.

At the same time, a water retention pond will be built at the water plant with a
$1.3 million grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

That money was originally given to the town in 1996, and the engineering work
that went along with that grant had to be redone before it could be turned in to
the USDA because the information was so old and the town had waited so long that
they either had to complete the project or give the money back, McGlothin said.

The retention pond will hold the town's water -- which is pumped from Old River
-- for approximately 48 hours, allowing organic matter to fall to the bottom.

Adding that one step will both improve water quality and reduce chemical
treatment costs, McGlothin said.

"We're ready to get this done," he said. "We've been working on this for 12
years."

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090122-YY-Deadline-for-Triton-contract-month-away-0122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

How will local fairs fare after Pennsylvania budget impasse?

BYLINE: Jamie Klein, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 907 words


March 26--Kempton, PA

The 61-year-old Kempton Fair has been canceled due in part to the state budget
impasse.

"It was a very tough decision to make," Kempton Fair President Tim Wasser said.
"There's seven or eight of us who work really hard on this fair year-round. I
bust my butt doing it because someone did it for me when I was a kid."

But, the fair will be back, he said. They are already planning a 2017 fair.

Though the budget dispute was settled when Gov. Tom Wolf said he would allow it
to pass without his signature, the move came too late for the Kempton Fair that
had been scheduled for June 16-18. The budget tied up about $13,000 of the
fair's operating budget.

Last year, Wolf vetoed line items in the Legislature's budget that affected
agricultural research, support programs and funding for local fairs. Typically,
the state reimburses fairs for certain expenses and prize money awarded to
competitors. Fairs also may apply for a matching grant up to $25,000 to make
capital improvements.

The 2015-16 budget still may not include funds for fairs, according to the
Pennsylvania State Association of County Fairs.

Harry Reffner, secretary and treasurer for the association, said the fiscal
code, which guides how state funds are spent, will keep fairs from receiving
funding from the approved budget.

"When you come down to fairs, it's all lined out," he said. "We will not be
getting funding."

Wolf has said he will veto the fiscal code. Some lawmakers have differed on the
implications of Wolf's rejection of the fiscal code but legislative leaders say
they consider the budget settled.

Brandi Hunter-Davenport, communications director for the state Department of
Agriculture, said the department is reviewing the budget and what it means for
all agriculture programs, including fairs.

The Kempton Fair is the only one of the state's 109 fairs to cancel so far,
State Fair Coordinator Zach Gihorski said.

Gihorski said he's in contact with fair directors across the state daily and
they are supportive of state Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding. There is
also optimism surrounding next year's budget, which is slated to include a $1
million increase for fair funding, he said.

Kempton Fair's Wasser said his childhood at the fair taught him a lot,
especially showing cows, and he made many friends that he still has today.

While many are disappointed, Wasser said few are holding it against the fair.

"It's politics. Everybody's frustrated with it, but what can we do about it?" he
said.

Other local fairs appear to have survived the budget crunch.

Kim Morgan, vice president and secretary of the Schuylkill County Fair, said the
fair will go on, despite waiting for a roughly $25,000 reimbursement from the
state.

"We're hoping that we will put more people through the gates to be able to make
up the difference," she said. "Up to this point we are paying our bills, but if
it comes to the point where we have a substantial bill that does come in, and we
have to pull on our line of credit, that's what we're going to have to do."

Morgan said fair representatives are reaching out to politicians to remind them
what fairs do: promote agriculture.

"We're waiting. We're crossing our fingers," she said. "We've been out
advocating. I don't know what else we can do."

After a successful year, one with lots of visitors and sunny weather, the Oley
Fair tucks money away for a rainy day.

"What we do every year at the fair is put money away to get us through the next
couple of years in case we have rain," Oley Fair President Kevin Bieber said.

A rainy weekend during the fair's three-day run can devastate revenue, but that
saved money is also for other funding woes, such as a budget impasse that blocks
state funding.

For the Oley Fair that can amount to nearly $30,000, a significant chunk of
their operating budget, Bieber said.

The Oley Fair will operate this year, with or without state funding, he said.

"We will fund the premium money, if need be, through our own cash flow or
additional sponsors," he said.

The Oley Fair is able to do that because they own the fairgrounds and buildings.

"We do all our own food," Bieber said. "That's where you can make your money. We
do not have vendors come in. We do everything ourselves."

Oley also has a strong visitor base. Many current and past Oley residents use
the fair as a place to catch up once a year.

The Kutztown Fair is still slated for August, said Donald Sechler, secretary for
the Kutztown Fair Association and the Kutztown Fair.

He said Kutztown is waiting on about $27,000 in reimbursement for their 2015
fair.

"We're anticipating that funding to be coming soon," Sechler said. "With the
budget being passed hopefully that will happen."

Even if it doesn't, the Kutztown Fair will go on.

"We're going year to year, just like every other fair," he said. "We'll keep
going somehow."

Reading Fair Agricultural Director Brett Treichler said the lack of state
funding will not stop this year's Reading Fair. However, a bad fair year and
lack of funding for 2017 could be a different story.

"I believe there will be one in the future," Treichler said. "Is it possible
that it won't? Definitely. But, I think we're all pretty stubborn Dutchmen and
we'll find a way if there is one."

Contact Jamie Klein: 610-371-5016 or jklein@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2016 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160326-RE-How-will-local-fairs-fare-after-Pennsylvania-budget-impasse-0326-201
60326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2016 Reading Eagle


                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 1, 2005 Thursday

BBC Monitoring quotes from Czech press 1 Dec 05

LENGTH: 234 words


The following is a selection of quotes from editorials and commentaries
published in the 1 December 2005 Internet editions of the main Czech newspapers:

British draft of EU budget

Mlada fronta Dnes (right-wing daily) http://zpravy.idnes.cz/mfdnes.asp:

"Central Europe should resolutely reject British attempts to make changes in the
Common Agriculture Policy (CAP) The only acceptable reform of this policy is a
reform that will direct the flow of money to the east of the EU. Nor can we
accept the exaggerated topping up of money for science, as requested by the
British. This is a step that will benefit the rich members of the EU only - but
not us\...Blair's attention should be drawn to the fact that if he wants to
deprive us of the money for our development, we will have to look for it
elsewhere - maybe by immediately withdrawing Czech, Polish and other soldiers
from Iraq."

(Commentary by Michal Mocek)

Hospodarske noviny (liberal economic daily) http://hn.ihned.cz/:

"EU budget will divide Europe."

German government's policy statement

Lidove noviny (centre-right daily) http://lidovky.centrum.cz/archivln/:

"Long march...Merkel's speech was coming close to resemble Churchill's war-time
speech. A bit....The measures proposed by the new German government of the Grand
Coalition resemble a mandatory stay in a low diet rehab centre linked to a
language course."

(Commentary by Lubos Palata)

Sources: As given

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2005 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

Homeward bond

BYLINE: NGOZI OKONJO-IWEALA AND DILIP RATHA

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 830 words

ABSTRACT

The people of Africa are scattered around the globe. Through diaspora bonds and
remittances, they could create a better future for their homeland.

FULL TEXT

Here's a statistic you may not be aware of: About 50 percent of the world's
uncultivated, arable land is in Africa. This abundance of potential farmland
offers Africa the opportunity to feed itself and to help feed the rest of the
globe. But consider another statistic: Because of poor roads and a lack of
storage, African farmers can lose up to 50 percent of their crop just trying to
get it to market.

In other words, Africa needs not only greater investment in agriculture, but
also in roads, ports and other facilities that are vital to moving the land's
products to consumers. Fortunately, part of the solution could lie with the
almost 23 million African migrants around the globe, who together have an annual
savings of more than $30 billion. Tapping into this money with so-called
diaspora bonds could help provide Africa with the equipment and services it
needs for long-term growth and poverty reduction.

These diaspora bonds would be in essence structured like any bonds on the
market, but would be sold by governments, private companies and public-private
partnerships to Africans living abroad. The bonds would be sold in small
denominations, from $100 to $10,000, to individual investors or, in larger
denominations, to institutional and foreign investors.

Preliminary estimates suggest that sub-Saharan African countries (excluding
South Africa, which doesn't have significant emigration) could raise $5 billion
to $10 billion a year through diaspora bonds. Countries like Ghana, Kenya and
Zambia, which have fairly large numbers of migrants living abroad in high-income
countries, would particularly profit from issuing diaspora bonds.

There are precedents for such moves. Greece announced last week that it was
preparing to issue $3 billion worth of diaspora bonds in the United States.
India and Israel have issued diaspora bonds in the past, raising over $35
billion, often in times of financial crises.

Why would diaspora bonds work so well? For one thing, the idea taps into
emigrants' continuing patriotism and desire to give back to their home
countries. And because diaspora populations often build strong webs of churches,
community groups and newspapers, bond issuers would be able to tap into a
ready-made marketing network.

Another advantage of diaspora bonds for African countries is that migrants make
more stable investors in their home countries than people without local
knowledge. They're less likely to pull out at the first sign of trouble. And
they wouldn't demand the same high rate of interest as a foreign investor, who
wants to compensate for the risk of investing in what would seem to them like a
relatively unknown developing country.

Diaspora bonds could also be issued in the local currency, as migrants are
likely to be less averse to the risk of currency devaluation. That's because
members of the diaspora have more use for local currency than foreign investors;
migrants can always use it when they go back home or for family-related
expenses.

Take, for example, an African living in the United States who now earns an
annual interest rate of less than 1 percent on small deposits; a diaspora bond
with an interest rate of about 5 percent certainly might seem attractive. To
make the bond even more appealing, the countries the migrants reside in could
provide tax breaks on interest income. Donor or multilateral aid agencies could
also offer credit enhancements in the form of partial guarantees, to mitigate
default risks.

Even more money could flow into Africa if countries tapped into the billions of
dollars that members of the diaspora send home each year by using those
remittances as collateral to raise financing from international markets. This
approach has allowed banks in several developing countries - including Brazil,
Egypt, El Salvador, Guatemala, Kazakhstan, Mexico and Turkey - to raise more
than $15 billion since 2000.

Here's how this works: When a migrant transfers foreign currency to a relative's
creditworthy bank in his home country, the bank pays out the remittance from its
holding of local currency. That transaction creates a foreign currency asset
equivalent to the size of the remittance, which can be used as collateral for
borrowing cheaply and over the long term in overseas capital markets.

Such borrowing has no effect on the flow of money from migrants to their
beneficiaries. Yet development banks, national banks in developing countries and
donor agencies can partner to harness enough remittances and create enough
collateral to raise significant sums of money to invest in agriculture, roads,
housing and other vital projects.

The people of Africa are scattered around the globe, but many still feel a
powerful sense of belonging to the continent. Through diaspora bonds and
remittances, they could create a better future for their homeland.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: is the managing director of the World Bank. is the manager of its
Migration and Remittances Unit.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 27, 1984 Friday

Computers being used to lower costs, raise output

BYLINE: MARIAN STINSON; GAM

LENGTH: 1016 words


By  MARIAN STINSON
 Like plant managers who sit at microcomputers monitoring every aspect of
 their manufacturing operations, many farmers are taking advantage of
 silicon chip technology to create integrated high-tech farming operations.

For use in accounting, inventory control and strategic planning,
 farmers are plugging microcomputers into data bases and acquiring software
 packages to turn their micros into sophisticated management tools.

Farmers are "under pressure to decrease labor and increase
 productivity," said Sharm Fossenier, president of the Ontario Centre for
 Farm Machinery and Food Processing Technology in Chatham, Ont.

To achieve this, they are taking advantage of advanced technology, such
 as sensing devices, controls, heaters, ventilators and pumps to control
 energy and fuel costs for agricultural operations.
    "Concern about energy cost is a big thing on farms," Mr. Fossenier
 said. By using these devices farmers can achieve maximum efficiency from
 fuel consumed by tractors and other machines, monitor energy use in
 buildings and control energy use by such things as grain drying equipment.
    "It's not a question of inventing new gadgets, but applying existing
 technology to appropriate applications in agriculture," he said.

By using a microprocessor, the farmer can co-ordinate an operation,
 monitoring controls for buildings and machines. In addition, he can carry
 out over-all planning functions.

Academics in agricultural colleges have been using computers for 20
 years in policy planning, analyzing future demand for commodities and
 studying trade-offs between capital and labor, said Truman Phillips,
 associate professor of agricultural economics at the University of Guelph
 in Ontario.

Early programs focused on the large picture and were useful for long-
 range planning, but not for smaller, specific problems, Mr. Phillips said.

For the past 10 years, smaller packages have been available that enable
 farmers to compare, for example, three tractors they are considering
 buying, looking at financing arrangements and the capabilities of each
 machine. Another use could be to compare costs of various feed mixes to
 provide a balanced ration for livestock.

Wider availability of minicomputers and microcomputers has meant a lot
 of software, such as spreadsheets and other packages useful for keeping
 daily records, has come on the market. But specialized software for
 agriculture remains scarce and often lacks flexibility.

Farmers with highly individual record-keeping systems have had to hire
 consultants to set up programs. But as micros come into wider use in
 agriculture, more software packages are becoming available.

Livestock producers can quickly realize benefits from the detailed
 record-keeping possible with a micro. Records of each member of the herd,
 its breeding cycle and health records can easily be filed and updated.

In dairy operations, the health records of each member of the herd can
 closely be monitored and a drop in milk production from one cow, an early
 sign of illness, can be detected long before any physical symptoms show,
 said Gary Fisher of the Farm Business Management Branch of the Alberta
 Department of Agriculture.

Records of crop rotation, the yields of each field, pesticide use,
 machinery costs and repairs can also be filed for easy access.

For accounting, cash flow budgets and enterprise budgets can be done on
 the micro.

Using telephone lines, farmers can gain access to data bases through
 their home computers. About 2,000 farmers mostly in the Prairie Provinces
 currently subscribe to the Grassroots data base, which has a target
 audience of "the 20 per cent of farmers with 80 per cent of the clout" in
 terms of farm production, said Maurice Sprumont, vice-president of
 corporate development for Infomart of Toronto, which developed the
 Grassroots system.

The service is currently being expanded to include a home banking
 service through the Bank of Montreal, Mr. Sprumont said.

Because farming is a high cash flow business, easy access to accounts
 will enable farmers to collect interest on balances and save money on
 overdrafts.

The data base includes stock and commodity prices, weather reports and
 information on pesticides, as well as cooking information, games and
 teleshopping services through department stores and mail order operations.

The data base is currently growing as the service expands into Ontario
 and Quebec and into 40 states in the United States.

User satisfaction is high, with 85 per cent of the subscribers saying
 the benefits derived from the system meet or exceed the costs, Mr.
 Sprumont said. One animal breeder used the system to send letters to
 potential buyers, resulting in a sale that paid for his computer.

No one knows how many farms currently have computers for business use.

In Alberta, estimates by the provincial Government show computers being  used by
about 5 to 7 per cent of the farmers in the province, with 15 to  20 per cent
intending to buy a unit.

The Alberta Ministry of Agriculture has sold 1,300 units of its home
 study course, which explains how to purchase and use a farm computer. The
 ministry also sponsors an annual show where computers and control devices
 are displayed to farmers.

Easy access to information and computing power now available to farmers
 means they can return to the over-all planning models used in mainframes
 20 years ago, Mr. Phillips of the University of Guelph said. Farmers can
 feed in information on how many hectares of various crops they are
 planting, yield records of each field and find how many cattle can be
 supported for various periods of time, and compare the results using
 different feed mixtures.

But concern remains about interpreting both the assumptions in the
 model and the results, he said.

Using computer conferencing, farmers can examine plans with other
 farmers with similar operations, adjusting prices and other factors and
 examine the stability of the plan.

Such uses are futuristic, "but not out of the question," Mr. Phillips  said.
"Using these models and approaches, the farmer can sort out what's  possible and
what's not possible."

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       March 8, 2013 Friday 12:23 PM  EST

MEASURES TO INCREASE INSTITUTIONAL CREDIT FLOW TO BRING SMALL AND MARGINAL
FARMERS WITHIN INSTITUTIONAL CREDIT FOLD

LENGTH: 227 words


NEW DELHI, March 8 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

Indian farmers are indebted to both institutional and non-institutional sources
of credit. In order to reduce the dependence of farmers on private money lenders
for meeting their credit needs and for providing relief to the indebted farmers,
the Government has taken several measures to increase institutional credit flow
and bringing more and more farmers including small and marginal farmers within
the institutional credit fold.

These measures, inter alia, include fixation of annual targets for improving
agricultural credit flow, provision of crop loans upto Rs 3.00 lakh @ 4% per
annum to such farmers who repay their loan as per the repayment schedule fixed
by the banks, extension of benefit of interest subvention scheme to small &
marginal farmers having Kisan Credit Card for a further period upto six months
for storing their produce in warehouses against negotiable warehouse receipts,
collateral free loan upto Rs. 1.00 lakh, scheme for financing of Joint Liability
Group (JLGs) etc.

This information was given in Rajya Sabha today by Minister of State for
Agriculture and Food Processing Industries, Shri Tariq Anwar in a written reply.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                             March 08, 2010 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Rooibos tea farmer challenges 'unlawful' suspension from upliftment scheme

BYLINE:  KAREN BREYTENBACH Justice Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 496 words


A ROOIBOS tea farmer is legally challenging his alleged unlawful suspension for
blowing the whistle to the government about the financial crisis faced by a
state-funded tea enterprise supposed to uplift emerging farmers.

If the project failed because he was not reinstated before the end of the tea
season in May and did damage control, it could amount to losses of R80 million
in taxpayers' money, Tobias Christiaan Nel said in an affidavit.

Nel was managing director and a shareholder in Nieuwoudtville Rooibos Pty Ltd, a
company set up in 2008 to buy in, produce, package and market the
anti-oxidant-rich local tea globally.

The Northern Cape Agriculture Department gave R32.5m towards the first phase of
a Nieuwoudtville processing plant, which would cost R53m. Such a facility was
direly needed by Northern Cape farmers who found it unviable to sell their tea
in the Western Cape and compete with its farmers.

The project was a collaboration between the department and tea growers in the
Hantam District, which includes Nieuwoudtville. Rooibos tea is produced on 3
200ha by 30 commercial and 54 emerging farmers in the Northern Cape.

The plan was to buy 1 500 tons of tea from producers in 2009, start pasteurising
in February, 2010, and packaging in May, ending with a positive cash flow of
more than R900 000. However, in August, 2009, before storage facilities were
ready, funds ran dry and contractors walked out.

The department was only prepared to inject R5m then and R20m in April because of
budget constraints. Nel felt that, by that time, it could be too late to save
the project.

Nel requested an urgent meeting with the Northern Cape Agriculture MEC, but the
acting department head sent only an "unhelpful" response.

Nel claimed his unlawful suspension in November at a board meeting in Kimberley
was the result of tension between him and a senior departmental official, Gert
Steenkamp, who allegedly stalled in alerting his department head about the
financial crisis.

The urgent need for R20m in pasteurisation equipment was discussed at a board
meeting, during which Steenkamp said he would talk to the department head 12
days later. The production of equipment would be put out to tender.

Nel said although Steenkamp was begged to act sooner, he refused. Nel then
"complained bitterly" about Steenkamp's apparent lack of co-operation to another
official sent on a monitoring mission to the Nieuwoudtville plant. Nel suspected
Steenkamp was unhappy that he wrote a letter of complaint to the MEC.

With Steenkamp now managing director, the company's financial director resigned,
workers went on strike and farmers were not paid for tea they delivered, Nel
said.

Nel pointed out that the department was merely a funder and not a shareholder
and had no power to intervene in his management.

The matter was due to be heard as an urgent application in the Western Cape High
Court on Friday but, with the roll too full, the matter may be heard this week.

karen.breytenbach@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            July 16, 2008 Wednesday

CHRIS NISKANEN: Hunters, taxpayers getting cheated as Congress to allow planting
on protected lands

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Outdoors; Chris Niskanen

LENGTH: 654 words


America's best wildlife conservation program is under assault from agriculture
groups and Congress, and the outcome won't be pretty, especially in Minnesota
and the Dakotas.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is expected to announce soon that it will
allow landowners and farmers to tear up their 10-year contracts and plow up
their Conservation Reserve Program lands. Nationwide, it's a program responsible
for creating 34 million acres of protected wetlands and grasslands.

Groups such as Ducks Unlimited are eagerly awaiting details, but the "early-out"
announcement would let landowners out of their CRP contracts without penalty.
They will be able to plant corn, soybeans or whatever commodity they please.

The plowing would begin almost immediately, say conservation leaders, and some
hunters likely would find their favorite hunting areas turned into black dirt by
fall.

"It will have huge implications, not only on wildlife, but soil erosion and
water quality,'' said Scott McCleod, a Ducks Unlimited regional biologist in
Bismarck, N.D.

North Dakota, the epicenter of American waterfowl production, has 3 million
acres of CRP, and McCleod predicts as much as two-thirds of that would be turned
into crops.

We can blame ethanol production and Midwest floods for the problem, but mostly
we can blame Congress for a failed agricultural policy that values short-term
cash flow over conservation and farm security.

We're in a corn boom, and conservation -- along with water quality, flood
control and wildlife -- is getting thrown under the tractor tires.

Even if he thinks conservation is critical in America, Agriculture Secretary Ed
Schafer is getting tremendous pressure to change the rules and allow farmers to
plant.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, sent a letter to Schafer in June urging him to
open up CRP to plowing. Dave Warner, a spokesman for the National Pork Producers
Council was recently quoted in the Washington Post as saying, "We need more
corn. That's all there is to it."

Minnesotans who hunt and fish have a huge oar in these turbulent waters.

Last year, the state logged a pheasant harvest over 600,000, the highest since
1964, and it was partly because of the amount of CRP on the landscape. Since it
was started in the mid-1980s, CRP is the only reason Minnesota doesn't look like
Indiana when it comes to pheasants. The program also has helped sustain
populations of meadowlarks, bobolinks, prairie chickens and numerous other
species of song and game birds.

In the Dakotas, CRP is the engine that drives a profitable hunting culture.
Without it, South Dakota's pheasant populations will whither and float away in
the prairie wind, and hunters -- read: nonresidents -- will stop pumping money
into that state's motels and restaurants. North Dakota is the mecca for duck
hunting in the continental U.S. Without CRP, the duck population, which relies
on grasslands to nest, will plummet, and hunters from Louisiana to Minnesota
will stay home.

"Hunting contributes $76 billion to the economy every year,'' said Neil Shader,
communications specialist for the Ducks Unlimited government affairs office. "I
keep that statistic on my office bulletin board. It reminds me what's
important."

CRP has been a good program for American taxpayers, who stand to get the shaft
when Schafer rewrites the rules on CRP. By signing a CRP contract, landowners
and farmers have agreed to idle their lands in exchange for money, which you and
I have paid in the form of our taxes. Under normal circumstances, if you break a
CRP contract, you have to pay the government back all the money you got for the
contract.

Agriculture and politicians like Grassley want farmers and landowners to skate
out of their contracts penalty-free. So who compensates us taxpayers for the
clean water, wildlife habitat and flood control we were promised?

Taxpayers and wildlife deserve better.Chris Niskanen can be reached at
cniskanen@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 15, 2008 Tuesday

CHRIS NISKANEN: Hunters, taxpayers getting cheated as Congress to allow planting
on protected lands

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Outdoors; Chris Niskanen

LENGTH: 654 words


America's best wildlife conservation program is under assault from agriculture
groups and Congress, and the outcome won't be pretty, especially in Minnesota
and the Dakotas.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is expected to announce soon that it will
allow landowners and farmers to tear up their 10-year contracts and plow up
their Conservation Reserve Program lands. Nationwide, it's a program responsible
for creating 34 million acres of protected wetlands and grasslands.

Groups such as Ducks Unlimited are eagerly awaiting details, but the "early-out"
announcement would let landowners out of their CRP contracts without penalty.
They will be able to plant corn, soybeans or whatever commodity they please.

The plowing would begin almost immediately, say conservation leaders, and some
hunters likely would find their favorite hunting areas turned into black dirt by
fall.

"It will have huge implications, not only on wildlife, but soil erosion and
water quality,'' said Scott McCleod, a Ducks Unlimited regional biologist in
Bismarck, N.D.

North Dakota, the epicenter of American waterfowl production, has 3 million
acres of CRP, and McCleod predicts as much as two-thirds of that would be turned
into crops.

We can blame ethanol production and Midwest floods for the problem, but mostly
we can blame Congress for a failed agricultural policy that values short-term
cash flow over conservation and farm security.

We're in a corn boom, and conservation -- along with water quality, flood
control and wildlife -- is getting thrown under the tractor tires.

Even if he thinks conservation is critical in America, Agriculture Secretary Ed
Schafer is getting tremendous pressure to change the rules and allow farmers to
plant.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, sent a letter to Schafer in June urging him to
open up CRP to plowing. Dave Warner, a spokesman for the National Pork Producers
Council was recently quoted in the Washington Post as saying, "We need more
corn. That's all there is to it."

Minnesotans who hunt and fish have a huge oar in these turbulent waters.

Last year, the state logged a pheasant harvest over 600,000, the highest since
1964, and it was partly because of the amount of CRP on the landscape. Since it
was started in the mid-1980s, CRP is the only reason Minnesota doesn't look like
Indiana when it comes to pheasants. The program also has helped sustain
populations of meadowlarks, bobolinks, prairie chickens and numerous other
species of song and game birds.

In the Dakotas, CRP is the engine that drives a profitable hunting culture.
Without it, South Dakota's pheasant populations will whither and float away in
the prairie wind, and hunters -- read: nonresidents -- will stop pumping money
into that state's motels and restaurants. North Dakota is the mecca for duck
hunting in the continental U.S. Without CRP, the duck population, which relies
on grasslands to nest, will plummet, and hunters from Louisiana to Minnesota
will stay home.

"Hunting contributes $76 billion to the economy every year,'' said Neil Shader,
communications specialist for the Ducks Unlimited government affairs office. "I
keep that statistic on my office bulletin board. It reminds me what's
important."

CRP has been a good program for American taxpayers, who stand to get the shaft
when Schafer rewrites the rules on CRP. By signing a CRP contract, landowners
and farmers have agreed to idle their lands in exchange for money, which you and
I have paid in the form of our taxes. Under normal circumstances, if you break a
CRP contract, you have to pay the government back all the money you got for the
contract.

Agriculture and politicians like Grassley want farmers and landowners to skate
out of their contracts penalty-free. So who compensates us taxpayers for the
clean water, wildlife habitat and flood control we were promised?

Taxpayers and wildlife deserve better.Chris Niskanen can be reached at
cniskanen@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                               September 4, 2013

BYLINE: MALCOLM SUTTON

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 546  words


SOUTH Australia's rural representation in the Senate hangs in the balance with a
plethora of minor party seats and preference deals creating political mayhem.

Independent Senator for SA Nick Xenophon says it is unlikely that a minority
parliament would be formed again and he needed every vote, particularly from
country SA, to help retain a regional voice for the state.

"I think there is a chance there will be a balance of power situation and I'm
worried that we've been slipping behind in terms of a whole range of issues, and
liable to be treated as a poor cousin of the eastern states," he said.

"This is about the Coles and Woolworths duopoly, regional road funding, food
labelling, the creation of a rural development bank for farmers to create an
alternative funding mechanism.

"They're even talking about northern Australia having special status, but we
should be looking at regional SA having special status, at the very least,
because we're lagging behind."

Because of preferences among the major and minor parties and independents,
so-called 'micro party' candidates ' such as the No Carbon Tax Climate Sceptics
Party's Leon Ashby, Mount Gambier ' have a chance at a Senate seat.

Mr Ashby says he will be targeting Natural Resource Management boards and their
Water Allocation Plans, if he wins a seat, and has already been talking with
colleagues about the processes of removing ' among other things ' the
organisation's plans for low-flow bypasses on dams.

"All those things are creating costs for farmers but no benefits, taking away
their water allocations, reducing them, and causing more problems for their
vegetation," he said.

His comments were made before a joint state and federal government announcement
on Monday that an agreement had been signed to strengthen the bond between SA's
agriculture sector and NRM systems.

Agriculture Minister Gail Gago said it was vital that the sector had a "strong
working relationship" with the NRM and wanted to improve the system's
administration and interaction with farmers, and fund a part-time liaison
officer.

But Mr Ashby says money allocated to NRM was misdirected.

"In the past, there's been things such as Landcare getting a bucket of money,
but what it does is create a bunch of advisors, leaving a minimal amount of
money on the ground for farmers," he said.

"That sort of process is the wrong way around.

"We want to see things get towards production, efficiency that helps the
landholder make a profit, and still looks after the environment ... and I think
we could drag the Liberal Party there."

Mr Ashby is listed high on a number of preference deals with various parties and
independents ' higher than Sen Xenophon's running mate Stirling Griff on the
Australian Greens Senate ballot paper.

Sen Xenophon has listed Sen Hanson-Young below the major parties on a split
ticket that favours both majors, independents and minor parties above the Greens
' at 37th place on one ticket and below Labor and the independents at 10th place
on his second ticket.

Sen Hanson-Young says Mr Xenophon's choice to preference Liberal above the
Greens means he is assisting the major party to take control of the Senate by
denying preferences to non-major party candidates in SA.

* Full report in Stock Journal, September 5 issue, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: March 07, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday
                               N-j Final Edition

Farmers hope for help to deal with lasting damage, flooding

BYLINE: SANDRA FREDERICK - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 809  words

DATELINE: SAMSULA


SAMSULA -- For nearly two centuries, the ebb and flow of drought and flooding
has been a way of life for the LeFils family.

So, when Jim LeFils was forced to relocate 400 head of cattle in late August
after Tropical Storm Fay stalled -- dangerously raising the level of the St.
Johns River in Osteen -- the cattle breeder shrugged his shoulders.

You deal with flooding from time to time," he said Saturday morning as he
squirted worm medicine into a heifer's mouth. "I have no control over Mother
Nature."

Because the Volusia and Flagler counties region saw at least 30 percent damage
to its agriculture communities, both counties are included in a 36-county
agriculture disaster declaration package seeking federal funds from Congress.

David Griffis, director of Volusia County Cooperative Extension in DeLand, said
although Fay did not cause widespread damage to the 1,100 farms in Volusia
County, the ones that did get hit were "drastically affected."

There are about 25 to 30 farmers that have applied for some (financial)
assistance," he said.

Troy Harper, spokesman for the Flagler County Emergency Services Department,
said his office did not receive reports of any agricultural damage from the
storm. However, the state may have included the county in with the declaration
because some of the farms border Volusia County.

It could be because a residual or trickle-down damage, not necessarily because
they were in the path of the storm," he said.

The statistics are no surprise to George Maday, a flowering holiday plant grower
with an 8-acre greenhouse on State Road 44 in Samsula. With little insurance and
no reimbursement from the state, Maday said some help from the government would
be a blessing.

Two feet of standing water stopped production for five days, forcing him to shut
off electricity to his business and rent a pump for $1,000 for five days that
used 75 gallons of diesel fuel each day. In his case, a nearby canal holding
runoff from State Road 44 overflowed, flooding his property and costing him
about $3,000.

There was a standing wall of water," he said. "I feel like a retention pond for
the state."

U.S. Rep. John Mica, R-Winter Park, said he is staying on top of the governor's
request for funding, but farmers should expect it to be a long process. As of
Tuesday, Mica said, the Department of Agriculture is looking into the request.

Getting it is a lot of red tape," he said. "First, they have to physically check
out the damage, and that takes a while."

Kirkland Sod on S.R. 44 will feel the effects for months to come.

Fay Kirkland said it will take at least eight months to a year for the sod
fields to return to pre-storm conditions -- maybe longer if fungus settles deep
into the grass roots. Compound that with the worsening economy and a drop in
home construction and it means a major hit to the fourth generation family-run
business.

I really won't know how hard I was hit until we get further out," she said
Friday as she surveyed the damaged fields. "There is no sense in fertilizing the
fields. We won't be able to sell much of it anyway."

Unable to put an accurate price tag on their losses, all three business owners
agree they will have to absorb the costs and move on.

Kirkland said she is not sure she will even apply for help because she was told
that she had to buy crop insurance in order to be considered.

We can't afford that," she said.

Terry McElroy, spokesman for the Florida Agriculture and Consumer Services, said
that earlier in the hurricane season, Agriculture Commissioner Charles H.
Bronson reminded agricultural producers they must have crop insurance or
noninsured crop disaster assistance coverage (NAP) to be eligible for
compensation under the government's disaster programs.

A provision of the 2008 Farm Bill, which was enacted into law in June, requires
that farmers and ranchers carry one or the other of the two insurance programs
to be reimbursed for agricultural losses. Prior to the law's enactment, such
coverage was not mandatory.

Mica said he has not given up hope that some money will flow from Capitol Hill
to county farmers.

It is unfair to bail out people on Wall Street and not take care of our people
and agriculture," he said Monday. "I can see where the farmers get frustrated."

The Story of Fay, By The Numbers

Tropical Storm Fay marched into Volusia County on Aug. 20 after stalling in
Brevard County overnight.

Here is what was left behind:*DAMAGE TO HOMES: $13,153,246*DAMAGE TO FARMS:
Between 25 and 30 farms applied for assistance in Volusia County. There are
1,100 farms in Volusia.*RAIN: The highest rain totals from the storm recorded in
Volusia County were 19.45 inches in Deltona followed by 17.77 inches in DeLand.
In Flagler County, Palm Coast had 12.4 inches and Bunnell had 12.2 inches.

SOURCES: Volusia County Emergency Management; Volusia County Cooperative
Extension Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Maday Nursery, a holiday flowering plant grower on
State Road 44 in Samsula, sits in 2 feet of floodwaters from Tropical Storm
Fay's visit starting Aug. 20. A canal along State Road 44 overflowed, forcing
the owner to shut off electricity and rent a pump. It took five days for the
waters to recede. University of Florida Cooperative Extension ServicePhoto 2:
Chico Carbajal shows some of the moldy and water-damaged St. Augustine grass at
Kirkland's sod farm in Samsula. Hundreds of acres were flooded by Tropical Storm
Fay and may take years to recover. News-Journal/ PETER BAUERPhoto 3: Cattle
breeder Jim LeFils and his sons round up a herd of cattle during a work day on
his Osteen farm recently. Tropical Storm Fay forced him to relocate 400 head of
cattle. News- Journal/ SANDRA FREDERICK

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2008 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2008 News-Journal Corporation


                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 13, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

Watchdogs for Georgia's watersheds;
 Citizens group wins grant to teach the importance of water resources and how to
test for pollution.

BYLINE: Janet Frankston, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Cherokee Extra; Pg. 3JQ

LENGTH: 1116 words

Two years ago, Linda Statham and Debbie Royston had only a passing interest in
streams and creeks.

Now it has become their pastime.

Statham, a speech pathologist at Hickory Flat Elementary School in Cherokee
County, and Royston, a writer, formed the Little River Valley Association last
year to protect watersheds, or bodies of water that feed into larger lakes and
streams.

The group has been rewarded with a grant to educate the public on the importance
of clean watersheds and how to test them for contaminants.

"We have a lot of environmental riches,'' Royston said recently while walking
near Chicken Creek, a tributary of the Little River, on her property in North
Fulton. "Once they're gone, they're gone.''

The two women say they formed the association because they are afraid of what
herbicides, sprayed to control growth of weeds and brush below power lines,
would do to watersheds if they seeped in.

Royston, 45, said she was concerned about power lines that sprouted on her land
two years ago. Chicken Creek and other tributaries of the Little River flow
through Royston's 6-acre property in the Hopewell community in north Fulton.

She said chemical herbicides were sprayed below the power lines. They seeped
into her watershed, forcing her to fence off the section so her horses don't
graze on it, she said.

And for Statham, 57, she was fearful about Georgia Transmission Corp. lines
scheduled to be routed above her property on the Fulton-Cherokee line.

"The fact that we have seen past actions, the spraying, we are deeply afraid,"
said Statham, who has lived in the Birmingham community with her husband Ben for
three decades. The Little River runs through Statham's property on the
Fulton-Cherokee line.

Statham said she is also concerned about the old-growth trees that would likely
be cleared and the spraying that could take place when the power lines
inevitably come.

"We decided to form a group so we could study the impact this thing would have
on our community,'' Royston said of the power line projects. "It's kind of
natural that we want to protect what we enjoy.''

The 25-mile long Little River flows into Lake Allatoona, which provides drinking
water to metro Atlantans. Its headwaters are in Cherokee County.

The group educates citizens about keeping watersheds clean and learning about
the dangers of chemical herbicides and pesticides that can seep into tributaries
and creeks. They have more than 100 active members in Cherokee and Fulton
counties who live on or near watersheds.

The Little River group will share the grant with a south Fulton group called
Coalition for Clean Communities.

The Urban Resources Partnership Program, an arm of the federal Department of
Agriculture, will contribute $ 25,000. Another $ 18,000 will come from Fulton
County for access to a biologist and field and lab analysis. In addition, the
Little River group and south Fulton group are to contribute $ 12,000 for
equipment and labor.

The grant will go toward water testing equipment to test nearby creeks and
ponds. The Little River Valley Association plans to start monitoring streams in
May, Royston said.

Money will also fund educational programs for residents about how to protect
water quality through citizen oversight and by reaching out to developers,
government officials, business owners and landowners.

The group has held seminars to train volunteers to report water quality data and
violations to legal and regulatory authorities.  State and local officials say
they applaud groups like the Little River Valley Association because there are
too many watersheds for government agencies to monitor. The state has 70,000
miles of waterways.

"We rely on grass-roots organizations like that because they help us pinpoint
where some of the problems may be," said Vince Dollard, a spokesman for the
state Environmental Protection Division.

Anthony Spencer, executive director of the Fulton Clean Community Commission,
said the educational work helps stretch the resources of county governments, and
water issues are becoming more important.

"Because of the growing population, there will be less water going around, '' he
said. "Down the road, that's what we're going to prepare people for. It helps
when people understand the issues.''

Still, the EPD's Dollard said there isn't much that can be done at the state
level about watersheds on private property until someone comes in with results
to show that water has been contaminated.

"That would involve an awful lot of manpower that we simply don't have because
we would have to look at it from a statewide level,'' he said.

The state's Department of Agriculture monitors and licenses herbicides and
pesticides. Commissioner Tommy Irvin said that his agency investigates
complaints about herbicides, but as a way to control weeds and unwanted brush,
they are legal.

Phyllis Turner, a spokeswoman for the Tucker-based Georgia Transmission Corp.,
acknowledges that GTC sprays herbicides to control growth under power lines.

"It's is a common way to maintain an easement,'' she said. "We find it safe and
efficient.''

Land is usually sprayed every three to five years. Yet if a property owner
requests that herbicides not be used, the company will trim them instead, she
said.

"We're just responding to people who don't like that method,'' she said. She
said so far, GTC has trimmed about half-dozen people's property instead of
spraying.

"In 10 years (of spraying), we have had so few complaints about it,'' Turner
said. "It has not been a big issue. Frankly, we've been mighty responsive to
just a handful of comments about it at all.''

As for the project near Statham's property, Turner said the company has agreed
not to use herbicides.

And as part of new easement agreements, GTC will ask property owners if it's OK
to spray, Turner said. But that doesn't include notification for future spraying
on old agreements.

"We haven't seen any need to retroactively do something different. After 10
years of doing it, people should be aware,'' she said.

Still, that didn't deter Royston and Linda from working to make a difference in
their community.

Members of the Little River Valley Association also spent time this fall with a
Girl Scout Troop from Cherokee County to help clean up a portion of the Little
River near Clarity Road. The girls were also trained in chemical testing.

In addition, group members have appeared in a video about how to teach other
citizens to establish a watershed protection group. The tape will be ready this
spring.

For more information about the Little River Valley Association, log on to
www.cherokeenews.com/lrva.htm.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Grant winners: Little River Valley Association members Linda Statham (left) and
Debbie Royston look over a tributary that flows into the Little River on
Royston's property in Alpharetta. The group, which recently received federal and
local funding totaling $ 55,000, represents communities in northwest Fulton and
southeast Cherokee counties. / FRANK NIEMEIR / Staff
 Photo
Keeping watch over watersheds
Two women --- Linda Statham (far left) and Debbie Royston, shown with husbands
Bill Royston (second from left) and Ben Statham --- have made the health of
Cherokee County's creeks and streams their pastime. The Little River Valley
Association has received a grant to educate residents on threats posed by
chemicals and herbicides and to teach them how to protect the area's water so
they can enjoy it. / FRANK NIEMEIR / Staff (Teaser)

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                          December 23, 1999, Thursday

Free trade or we'll go to court: milk firms

BYLINE: SID MARRIS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 353 words


MAJOR dairy companies had warned that the states faced a High Court challenge
over the free trade of milk if deregulation did not proceed, a meeting of
agriculture ministers was told yesterday.

Victorian Agriculture Minister Keith Hamilton, who announced yesterday his state
would press ahead with deregulation after 90 per cent of Victorian farmers voted
in favour of the move, told the meeting companies had warned him a challenge was
inevitable unless there was change.

From July 1 a 10-year commonwealth price-support scheme will end, and with it
the gentlemen's agreement that has kept the sale of fresh milk within state
borders.

Large dairy companies and Victorian producers have been advocating national
deregulation because the existing rules restrict their growth. In response, the
industry has negotiated a $1.7 billion consumer-funded commonwealth compensation
package, paid to all farmers but designed to help producers in states that
currently are heavily protected.

Victorian manufacturers such as Bonlac, the Murray-Goulburn Co-operative and
Tatura confirmed yesterday that they believed a company would press the
free-trade issue if the industry were not deregulated.

Free trade between the states is enshrined in the constitution and a spokesman
for processing company National Foods said no government could stop the flow of
milk across borders, other than by threatening to remove processing licences.

"If that was the case, the only recourse would be a court challenge, but that
would be hypothetical at this stage, as Victoria is going ahead," he said.

"We have said publicly that we have to have the ability to move around to
compete."

Queensland Primary Industry minister Henry Palaszczuk called yesterday for an
extra $6million to help dairy-industry workers in his state cope with loss of
price support.

Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss rejected Queensland accusations that
the federal Government was not contributing, citing the national package. "No
government has money of its own. There is only money they have from the people
in tax," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              June 21, 2010 Monday

Centre's claim of increasing loan flow far from reality

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, June 21 -- Bharatiya Janata Party Kisan Morcha (BJPKM) has said that the
claim of the Union Government of increasing flow of loans is far from the
reality and alleged that the Government's policy has pushed small and marginal
farmers on edge.

Kisan Morcha State president Banshilal Gurjars in a statement on Sunday said
businessmen, mill-owners, equipment construction company and industrialists are
receiving the money issued for the farmers and these farmers are forced to take
loans from local moneylenders.

Mentioning the Union agriculture financial institutions, Gurjar further informed
that the amount has been increased to Rs 3,75,000 crore from Rs 50,000 crore but
bitter truth is that this amount is still to reach to the farmers.

He said that care of farmers has been lessened with the increasing impact of
financial liberalisation. He informed that the share of farmers was 60 per cent
in the year 1990, it decreased to 52 per cent in the year 1995 and reached 13.3
per cent in the year 2006.

He also informed that there is four times increase in the people applying for
more than Rs 1 crore.

Gurjar further informed that there is continuous decrease in the loan really
reaching to the farmers. Indirectly, fertilisers and seeds companies,
electricity boards and other companies related to agriculture are receiving
loans in the name of farmers. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Pioneer. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                              May 26, 2000 Friday

Alternative farm loans cap is removed by state

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 41

LENGTH: 687 words


AUBURN - Tim Seifert of Auburn figures he saved $1,355 in interest he'll never
have to pay, thanks to a farm loan program through the Illinois treasurer's
office.

Sangamon County farmers led the state in dollar participation in the Agriculture
and Alternative Agriculture Loan Program - signing up for $29.9 million -
followed by farmers in LaSalle ($24.1 million) and DeKalb ($21.4 million)
counties.

Illinois' program is one of the largest linked-deposit initiatives in the
country, available to farmers through more than 1,000 financial institutions.
Statewide, the program offered $450 million to farmers in traditional
agriculture and an additional $100 million for those in alternative agriculture.

State Treasurer Judy Baar Topinka expanded the traditional low-interest
agriculture loan program by removing the previous $100,000 cap per individual
borrower and by expanding the loans to cover new and used equipment, as well as
real es tate purchases.

An Illinois farmer is eligible for financing through the "alternative" part of
the program if it can be shown a project will create or enhance the farmer's
production of alternative agriculture, from aquaculture to grapes for wineries
and food grown hydroponically.

Under the "traditional" aspect, farmers can use the money for fertilizer, seed,
equipment, cash rent, crop insurance, real estate, livestock and soil and water
conservation.

Topinka makes the money available to lenders such as Farm Credit Services, who
then offer the loans to farmers.

"The program is designed to bolster the family farm," Topinka said Thursday. "We
started with $450 million, and it's now at $700 million because farmers are
taking advantage of it. And yes, there is money still left. We're watching this
drought situation. If there's any disaster, if the governor would declare a
disaster because of the drought, then we'll be there with loans for farmers."

Seifert figured he saved money through the program because it offers a lower
interest rate. Instead of the current 9.25 percent variable interest rate
offered by Farm Credit Services, he was able to secure a loan at 7.78 percent.

"Interest rates are very critical to farmers, and it has a tendency to be
climbing right now," said Seifert, who farms 2,400 acres. " That's makes our
inputs higher. When you get any kind of a reduction, that makes our per-acre
costs lower. I've used this program, and my father has used this program."

Seifert has used the traditional loan program but is diversifying his acreage by
growing high-oil corn and white corn.

"What we're looking at is crops that will give us premiums," he said.

Farmers interested in the loans can walk into a branch office of Farm Credit
Services and be approved almost overnight, according to Ron Frenn, president and
CEO of Farm Credit Services of Central Illinois and Farm Credit Services of
Southeastern Illinois.

"Statewide, we have $350 million out through this program; about $160 million of
that is in our district," said Frenn. "Sometimes farmers want longer terms, but
this definitely has a niche for short-term funding that's renewable for inputs."

Frenn, who said the program has been especially helpful to young farmers just
getting into the business, noted a wide diversity throughout the state in the
farm economy.

" Northern Illinois has had more rain, but for all farmers, last year, the
government assistance helped a lot, but it didn't do as much in southern
Illinois because they didn't have the yields. Cash flows did suffer considerably
downstate. That, coupled with low hog prices, made things tough," he said.

"There are pockets in the state that do need all the help and assistance they
can get."

Most farmers are confident the federal government will again provide some of
that help this year because it's an election year.

"The biggest fear is, will it be there next year," said Frenn.

Farmers need to look at diversifying their operations, he added.

"We're 85 percent corn and soybeans," said Frenn. "Even as ag lenders, that's a
risk."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register


                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday
                                Replate Edition

STUDY: SUMMER WATER SUPPLY TO DWINDLE;
Regional demand to continue to grow

BYLINE: Becky Kramer beckyk@spokesman.com,(208) 765-7122

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 530 words


Population growth will ramp up demand for water in arid Eastern Washington over
the next 20 years, even as climate change alters flows in the Columbia River and
its tributaries, a new study says.

By 2030, cities are expected to divert 24 percent more water to serve rapidly
growing populations. But a warmer climate will diminish the Columbia Basin's
water supplies during the critical summer months, when farmers are irrigating
crops, salmon are migrating and residents are trying to keep their lawns green.

"Generally speaking, the Pacific Northwest has enough water to meet most of our
needs most years," said Chad Kruger, director of Washington State University's
Center for Sustaining Agriculture and Natural Resources.

Though the volume of water in the Columbia Basin isn't expected to change,
climate modeling predicts that more precipitation will fall as rain instead of
snow. That will reduce the mountain snow packs that fill reservoirs during the
summer months, Kruger said.

To plan for alterations in stream flows, the study looks at future water supply
forecasts and expected demands from communities and the agricultural industry,
as well as flows needed to provide fish habitat.

The study's conclusions will help the Washington Department of Ecology determine
where to invest money in water storage projects, Kruger said.

The study, which is still in draft form, will be discussed Friday at a workshop
at WSU's Spokane Extension Office. WSU did the research work in conjunction with
the state Ecology Department and the state Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Their work was peer-reviewed by scientists in other states.

"For the first time, we'll have a comprehensive evaluation of what our water
needs will be in the Columbia Basin," Derek Sandison, head of the Ecology
Department's Office of Columbia River, said in a statement. "This report
provides a blueprint for how we invest in water supply projects. It will tell us
where and when more water is needed in Eastern Washington."

The study says the Columbia River Basin is particularly sensitive to small
changes in overall temperature. Climate modeling predicts warmer, wetter
winters, when demand for water consumption is relatively low. Water demand peaks
in the summers, which will be hotter and drier than in the past, the study says.

Hotter summers will boost demand for agricultural irrigation, which is by far
the largest water user in the Columbia Basin. Climate change could shorten the
growing season for some crops, the study says.

Kruger said the study is cutting edge in that it looked at about 30 different
crops grown in Eastern Washington, trying to determine future water needs. Since
many crops are exported, the study's modeling also used global economics to
project demand for future crops.

"Water has been a controversial issue," Kruger noted. The forecasting in the
study "tries to do something to solve these issues."

SIDEBAR:

THE COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN LONG-TERM

WATER SUPPLY AND DEMAND FORECAST

If you go

When: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday

Where: WSU Spokane County Extension Office, 222 N. Havana St., Conference rooms
B and C

On the Web: www.ecy.wa.gov/programs/wr/cwp/ wsu_supply-demand.html

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

STUDY: SUMMER WATER SUPPLY TO DWINDLE;
Regional demand to continue to grow

BYLINE: Becky Kramer beckyk@spokesman.com,(208) 765-7122

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 530 words


Population growth will ramp up demand for water in arid Eastern Washington over
the next 20 years, even as climate change alters flows in the Columbia River and
its tributaries, a new study says.

By 2030, cities are expected to divert 24 percent more water to serve rapidly
growing populations. But a warmer climate will diminish the Columbia Basin's
water supplies during the critical summer months, when farmers are irrigating
crops, salmon are migrating and residents are trying to keep their lawns green.

"Generally speaking, the Pacific Northwest has enough water to meet most of our
needs most years," said Chad Kruger, director of Washington State University's
Center for Sustaining Agriculture and Natural Resources.

Though the volume of water in the Columbia Basin isn't expected to change,
climate modeling predicts that more precipitation will fall as rain instead of
snow. That will reduce the mountain snow packs that fill reservoirs during the
summer months, Kruger said.

To plan for alterations in stream flows, the study looks at future water supply
forecasts and expected demands from communities and the agricultural industry,
as well as flows needed to provide fish habitat.

The study's conclusions will help the Washington Department of Ecology determine
where to invest money in water storage projects, Kruger said.

The study, which is still in draft form, will be discussed Friday at a workshop
at WSU's Spokane Extension Office. WSU did the research work in conjunction with
the state Ecology Department and the state Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Their work was peer-reviewed by scientists in other states.

"For the first time, we'll have a comprehensive evaluation of what our water
needs will be in the Columbia Basin," Derek Sandison, head of the Ecology
Department's Office of Columbia River, said in a statement. "This report
provides a blueprint for how we invest in water supply projects. It will tell us
where and when more water is needed in Eastern Washington."

The study says the Columbia River Basin is particularly sensitive to small
changes in overall temperature. Climate modeling predicts warmer, wetter
winters, when demand for water consumption is relatively low. Water demand peaks
in the summers, which will be hotter and drier than in the past, the study says.

Hotter summers will boost demand for agricultural irrigation, which is by far
the largest water user in the Columbia Basin. Climate change could shorten the
growing season for some crops, the study says.

Kruger said the study is cutting edge in that it looked at about 30 different
crops grown in Eastern Washington, trying to determine future water needs. Since
many crops are exported, the study's modeling also used global economics to
project demand for future crops.

"Water has been a controversial issue," Kruger noted. The forecasting in the
study "tries to do something to solve these issues."

SIDEBAR:

THE COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN LONG-TERM

WATER SUPPLY AND DEMAND FORECAST

If you go

When: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Friday

Where: WSU Spokane County Extension Office, 222 N. Havana St., Conference rooms
B and C

On the Web: www.ecy.wa.gov/programs/wr/cwp/ wsu_supply-demand.html

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 13, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

Watchdogs for Georgia's watersheds;
 Citizens group wins grant to teach the importance of water resources and how to
test for pollution.

BYLINE: Janet Frankston, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett Extra; Pg. 13JJ

LENGTH: 1119 words

Two years ago, Linda Statham and Debbie Royston had only a passing interest in
streams and creeks.

Now it has become their pastime.

Statham, a speech pathologist at Hickory Flat Elementary School in Cherokee
County, and Royston, a writer, formed the Little River Valley Association last
year to protect watersheds, or bodies of water that feed into larger lakes and
streams.

The group has been rewarded with a grant to educate the public on the importance
of clean watersheds and how to test them for contaminants.

"We have a lot of environmental riches,'' Royston said recently while walking
near Chicken Creek, a tributary of the Little River, on her property in north
Fulton County. "Once they're gone, they're gone.''

The two women say they formed the association because they are afraid of what
herbicides, sprayed to control growth of weeds and brush below power lines,
would do to watersheds if they seeped in.

Royston, 45, said she was concerned about power lines that sprouted on her land
two years ago. Chicken Creek and other tributaries of the Little River flow
through Royston's 6-acre property in the Hopewell community in north Fulton.

She said chemical herbicides were sprayed below the power lines. They seeped
into her watershed, forcing her to fence off the section so her horses don't
graze on it, she said.

And for Statham, 57, she was fearful about Georgia Transmission Corp. lines
scheduled to be routed above her property on the Fulton-Cherokee line.

"The fact that we have seen past actions, the spraying, we are deeply afraid,"
said Statham, who has lived in the Birmingham community with her husband, Ben,
for three decades. The Little River runs through Statham's property on the
Fulton-Cherokee line.

Statham said she is also concerned about the old-growth trees that would likely
be cleared and the spraying that could take place when the power lines
inevitably come.

"We decided to form a group so we could study the impact this thing would have
on our community,'' Royston said of the power line projects. "It's kind of
natural that we want to protect what we enjoy.''

The 25-mile-long Little River flows into Lake Allatoona, which provides drinking
water to metro Atlantans. Its headwaters are in Cherokee County.

The group educates citizens about keeping watersheds clean and learning about
the dangers of chemical herbicides and pesticides that can seep into tributaries
and creeks. They have more than 100 active members in Cherokee and Fulton
counties who live on or near watersheds.

The Little River group will share the grant with a south Fulton group called
Coalition for Clean Communities.

The Urban Resources Partnership Program, an arm of the federal Department of
Agriculture, will contribute $ 25,000. Another $ 18,000 will come from Fulton
County for access to a biologist and field and lab analysis. In addition, the
Little River group and south Fulton group are to contribute $ 12,000 for
equipment and labor.

The grant will go toward water testing equipment to test nearby creeks and
ponds. The Little River Valley Association plans to start monitoring streams in
May, Royston said.

Money will also fund educational programs for residents about how to protect
water quality through citizen oversight and by reaching out to developers,
government officials, business owners and landowners.

The group has held seminars to train volunteers to report water quality data and
violations to legal and regulatory authorities.  State and local officials say
they applaud groups like the Little River Valley Association because there are
too many watersheds for government agencies to monitor. The state has 70,000
miles of waterways.

"We rely on grass-roots organizations like that because they help us pinpoint
where some of the problems may be," said Vince Dollard, a spokesman for the
state Environmental Protection Division.

Anthony Spencer, executive director of the Fulton Clean Community Commission,
said the educational work helps stretch the resources of county governments, and
water issues are becoming more important.

"Because of the growing population, there will be less water going around, '' he
said. "Down the road, that's what we're going to prepare people for. It helps
when people understand the issues.''

Still, the EPD's Dollard said there isn't much that can be done at the state
level about watersheds on private property until someone comes in with results
to show that water has been contaminated.

"That would involve an awful lot of manpower that we simply don't have because
we would have to look at it from a statewide level,'' he said.

The state's Department of Agriculture monitors and licenses herbicides and
pesticides. Commissioner Tommy Irvin said that his agency investigates
complaints about herbicides, but as a way to control weeds and unwanted brush,
they are legal.

Phyllis Turner, a spokeswoman for the Tucker-based Georgia Transmission Corp.,
acknowledges that GTC sprays herbicides to control growth under power lines.

"It's is a common way to maintain an easement,'' she said. "We find it safe and
efficient.''

Land is usually sprayed every three to five years. Yet if a property owner
requests that herbicides not be used, the company will trim them instead, she
said.

"We're just responding to people who don't like that method,'' she said. She
said so far, GTC has trimmed about a half-dozen people's property instead of
spraying.

"In 10 years (of spraying), we have had so few complaints about it,'' Turner
said. "It has not been a big issue. Frankly, we've been mighty responsive to
just a handful of comments about it at all.''

As for the project near Statham's property, Turner said the company has agreed
not to use herbicides.

And as part of new easement agreements, GTC will ask property owners if it's OK
to spray, Turner said. But that doesn't include notification for future spraying
on old agreements.

"We haven't seen any need to retroactively do something different. After 10
years of doing it, people should be aware,'' she said.

Still, that didn't deter Royston and Statham from working to make a difference
in their community.

Members of the Little River Valley Association also spent time this fall with a
Girl Scout Troop from Cherokee County to help clean up a portion of the Little
River near Clarity Road. The girls were also trained in chemical testing.

In addition, group members have appeared in a video about how to teach other
citizens to establish a watershed protection group. The tape will be ready this
spring.

For more information about the Little River Valley Association, log on to
www.cherokeenews.com/lrva.htm.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Grant winners: Little River Valley Association members Linda Statham (left) and
Debbie Royston look over a tributary that flows into the Little River on
Royston's property in Alpharetta. The group, which recently received federal and
local funding totaling $ 55,000, represents communities in northwest Fulton and
southeast Cherokee counties. / FRANK NIEMEIR / Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Allagash Wilderness Waterway now entirely state-owned

BYLINE: Julia Bayly BDN Staff

LENGTH: 703 words


ALLAGASH, Maine -- Close to a half-century after its creation, the entire 92
miles of the Allagash Wilderness Waterway is now in the hands of the state.


On Monday, the Allagash Wilderness Waterway Foundation, based in Bath, announced
the 40-acre Lock Dam section connecting Chamberlain and Eagle lakes had been
purchased through a private sale and subsequent donation to the state.


"The Lock Dam lot is historically significant to the Allagash River and Maine's
cultural history, especially that of northern Maine," Bob McIntosh, president of
the foundation, stated in a news release. "The dam and lock system comprised one
of several infrastructure elements that reversed the flow of Churchill Lake
southward."


The Allagash Wilderness Waterway Foundation purchased Lock Dam directly from
Katahdin Timberlands LLC in September.


The foundation worked with the Lock Dam Preservation Association to secure
funding from the Butler Conservation Fund in completing the purchase.


"This time we just had the right mix of people willing to work constructively
and productively together on this," Marcia McKeague, president of Katahdin
Timberlands LLC, said Tuesday. "I think what really helped is this was handled
privately with private money [and] the logical place for the land to be is with
the state to complete the Allagash Wilderness Waterway."


McKeague would not comment on the selling price, other than saying it was "very
reasonable."


The state served as an intermediary between the buyers and sellers, according to
Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry Commissioner Walt Whitcomb.


"It's taken awhile," Whitcomb said Tuesday. "The Waterway is entering its 50th
year and the [Lock Dam] project has been active for a number of years."


Acquiring the 40 acres made sense in the long run, according to Whitcomb.


"The Allagash Wilderness Waterway is a public resource and [Lock Dam] is the
final component," he said. "It made sense for the state to have it [because] it
is critical for fulfilling the dream of many to complete public ownership of the
waterway."


"Over the last 50 years many people and organizations have collaborated in a
shared vision for the Waterway," said McIntosh. "Everyone's hard work and
goodwill have assured that the Waterway, listed among the National Geographic's
America's 100 Best Adventures, will forever retain its wilderness character and
mystique."


The Allagash Wilderness Waterway stretches from Telos Dam in Penobscot County to
the village of Allagash in northern Aroostook County.


In 1970, it became the first state-administered river approved for inclusion in
the National Wild and Scenic River system as a Wild River Area.


The state of Maine purchased the land along the waterway after voters
overwhelmingly approved a $1.5 million bond issue. The bond money, together with
matching federal dollars from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, provided the
funds necessary for acquiring the restricted zone -- land within 400 to 800 feet
of both sides of the waterway.


John Martin, the Eagle Lake Democrat representing northern Maine and a key
player in the formation of the wilderness waterway nearly 50 years ago, on
Tuesday said he was happy the Lock Dam purchase was a done deal.


"I think it's just great," Martin said. "The state has been looking to put this
together for a number of years [and] having any of the waterway end up in
private ownership was never the intention."


According to the Maine Bureau of Parks and Lands, Lock Dam was built in the
1850s and designed to control the natural flow of the river so logs could flow
from Eagle and Churchill lakes into the Penobscot River and on to mills in
Bangor.


A good idea in theory, using the timber crib dam helped expand the acreage
around the lakes for logging, but in the end it was one that proved too slow, as
the number of logs that could move through the locks over a given period of time
was limited.


By 1906, Lock Dam had been abandoned in favor of a mechanical overland tramway
connecting Chamberlain and Eagle lakes.


"Thousands of visitors from around the world visit the Waterway each year,"
McIntosh said. "We are pleased, on the eve of the 50th anniversary of the
Waterway in 2016, to protect this last out-holding."


Â

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Allagash Wilderness Waterway now entirely state-owned

BYLINE: Julia Bayly BDN Staff

LENGTH: 703 words


ALLAGASH, Maine -- Close to a half-century after its creation, the entire 92
miles of the Allagash Wilderness Waterway is now in the hands of the state.


On Monday, the Allagash Wilderness Waterway Foundation, based in Bath, announced
the 40-acre Lock Dam section connecting Chamberlain and Eagle lakes had been
purchased through a private sale and subsequent donation to the state.


"The Lock Dam lot is historically significant to the Allagash River and Maine's
cultural history, especially that of northern Maine," Bob McIntosh, president of
the foundation, stated in a news release. "The dam and lock system comprised one
of several infrastructure elements that reversed the flow of Churchill Lake
southward."


The Allagash Wilderness Waterway Foundation purchased Lock Dam directly from
Katahdin Timberlands LLC in September.


The foundation worked with the Lock Dam Preservation Association to secure
funding from the Butler Conservation Fund in completing the purchase.


"This time we just had the right mix of people willing to work constructively
and productively together on this," Marcia McKeague, president of Katahdin
Timberlands LLC, said Tuesday. "I think what really helped is this was handled
privately with private money [and] the logical place for the land to be is with
the state to complete the Allagash Wilderness Waterway."


McKeague would not comment on the selling price, other than saying it was "very
reasonable."


The state served as an intermediary between the buyers and sellers, according to
Department of Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry Commissioner Walt Whitcomb.


"It's taken awhile," Whitcomb said Tuesday. "The Waterway is entering its 50th
year and the [Lock Dam] project has been active for a number of years."


Acquiring the 40 acres made sense in the long run, according to Whitcomb.


"The Allagash Wilderness Waterway is a public resource and [Lock Dam] is the
final component," he said. "It made sense for the state to have it [because] it
is critical for fulfilling the dream of many to complete public ownership of the
waterway."


"Over the last 50 years many people and organizations have collaborated in a
shared vision for the Waterway," said McIntosh. "Everyone's hard work and
goodwill have assured that the Waterway, listed among the National Geographic's
America's 100 Best Adventures, will forever retain its wilderness character and
mystique."


The Allagash Wilderness Waterway stretches from Telos Dam in Penobscot County to
the village of Allagash in northern Aroostook County.


In 1970, it became the first state-administered river approved for inclusion in
the National Wild and Scenic River system as a Wild River Area.


The state of Maine purchased the land along the waterway after voters
overwhelmingly approved a $1.5 million bond issue. The bond money, together with
matching federal dollars from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, provided the
funds necessary for acquiring the restricted zone -- land within 400 to 800 feet
of both sides of the waterway.


John Martin, the Eagle Lake Democrat representing northern Maine and a key
player in the formation of the wilderness waterway nearly 50 years ago, on
Tuesday said he was happy the Lock Dam purchase was a done deal.


"I think it's just great," Martin said. "The state has been looking to put this
together for a number of years [and] having any of the waterway end up in
private ownership was never the intention."


According to the Maine Bureau of Parks and Lands, Lock Dam was built in the
1850s and designed to control the natural flow of the river so logs could flow
from Eagle and Churchill lakes into the Penobscot River and on to mills in
Bangor.


A good idea in theory, using the timber crib dam helped expand the acreage
around the lakes for logging, but in the end it was one that proved too slow, as
the number of logs that could move through the locks over a given period of time
was limited.


By 1906, Lock Dam had been abandoned in favor of a mechanical overland tramway
connecting Chamberlain and Eagle lakes.


"Thousands of visitors from around the world visit the Waterway each year,"
McIntosh said. "We are pleased, on the eve of the 50th anniversary of the
Waterway in 2016, to protect this last out-holding."


Â

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Carmarthen Journal

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

Emergency funding will have little impact -- MP

SECTION: NEWS:EMPLOYMENT; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 435  words


EMERGENCY European funding to support farmers will have very little impact on
those struggling most in West Wales, according to MP Mark Williams.

More than 5,000 farmers from across Europe, including 70 from the UK, descended
on the streets of Brussels last week to protest against the plummeting prices
paid for produce.

Protesters called for financial assistance to help them through the most
difficult economic period encountered by the industry for years.

Ceredigion MP Mark Williams   has challenged Secretary of   State for
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Liz Truss, on the impact of the recently
brokered EU emergency funding package on local farmers.

He said: "The fact is, a funding package of 500 million euros will mean very
little for Britain and Wales and therefore the individual Ceredigion farmers
that I meet.

"It is likely to be an inadequate sum that fails to respond to the cash-flow
problems of many in the sector, welcome though any help is.

"The Secretary of State explained that the details of the fund are   yet to be
announced. That in   itself is a worry because she   was right to acknowledge
that we must 'help with the cash-flow issues that farmers are facing'.

"I endorse the view of the farming unions that it is disappointing that the
Commission won't review the intervention price. This could have helped to create
a price floor and boost confidence."

In a joint statement the British farming unions said: "Right now farmers are
really struggling to pay their bills. This is having a huge impact not only on
farming families but for other businesses that rely on the farming sector.

"We have strongly urged our UK ministers to argue for more flexibility from the
commission to allow the UK governments to pay farmers BPS and agri-environment
monies at the very least on time and in full. This will help put money where it
is needed most.

"We want to see a review of intervention for milk prices to help put a floor in
the market and a review of market management measures to help farmers get
through this short-term crisis."

Stephen James, NFU Cymru President said: "We have asked Rebecca Evans, the Welsh
Government Deputy Minister, to argue for the European Investment Bank to provide
financial support to businesses.

"The UK governments should work with the EIB to develop and deliver
opportunities for UK farmers from the EIB - for short term credit and long term
infrastructure to boost the agri food sector.

"There was agreement in the meeting that a wide-spread culture change is needed
within the food supply chain to ensure that   farmers see a fair share of risk
and reward.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

World Bank OPED: Homeward Bond

LENGTH: 846  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 15 -- World Bank has issued following OPED:

Here's a statistic you may not be aware of: about 50 percent of the world's
uncultivated, arable land is in Africa. This abundance of potential farmland
offers Africa the opportunity to feed itself and to help feed the rest of the
globe. But consider another statistic: because of poor roads and a lack of
storage, African farmers can lose up to 50 percent of their crop just trying to
get it to market.

In other words, Africa needs not only greater investment in agriculture, but
also in roads, ports and other facilities that are vital to moving the land's
products to consumers. Fortunately, part of the solution could lie with the
almost 23 million African migrants around the globe, who together have an annual
savings of more than $30 billion. Tapping into this money with so-called
diaspora bonds could help provide Africa with the equipment and services it
needs for long-term growth and poverty reduction.

These diaspora bonds would be in essence structured like any bonds on the
market, but would be sold by governments, private companies and public-private
partnerships to Africans living abroad. The bonds would be sold in small
denominations, from $100 to $10,000, to individual investors or, in larger
denominations, to institutional and foreign investors.

Preliminary estimates suggest that sub-Saharan African countries (excluding
South Africa, which doesn't have significant emigration) could raise $5 billion
to $10 billion a year through diaspora bonds. Countries like Ghana, Kenya and
Zambia, which have fairly large numbers of migrants living abroad in high-income
countries, would particularly profit from issuing diaspora bonds.

There are precedents for such moves. Greece announced this week that it was
preparing to issue $3 billion worth of diaspora bonds in the United States.
India and Israel have issued diaspora bonds in the past, raising over $35
billion, often in times of financial crises.

Why would diaspora bonds work so well? For one thing, the idea taps into
emigrants' continuing patriotism and desire to give back to their home
countries. And because diaspora populations often build strong webs of churches,
community groups and newspapers, bond issuers would be able to tap into a
ready-made marketing network.

Another advantage of diaspora bonds for African countries is that migrants make
more stable investors in their home countries than people without local
knowledge. They're less likely to pull out at the first sign of trouble. And
they wouldn't demand the same high rate of interest as a foreign investor, who
wants to compensate for the risk of investing in what would seem to them like a
relatively unknown developing country.

Diaspora bonds could also be issued in the local currency, as migrants are
likely to be less averse to the risk of currency devaluation. That's because
members of the diaspora have more use for local currency than foreign investors;
migrants can always use it when they go back home or for family-related
expenses.

Take, for example, an African living in the United States who now earns an
annual interest rate of less than 1 percent on small deposits; a diaspora bond
with an interest rate of about 5 percent certainly might seem attractive. To
make the bond even more appealing, the countries the migrants reside in could
provide tax breaks on interest income. Donor or multilateral aid agencies could
also offer credit enhancements in the form of partial guarantees, to mitigate
default risks.

Even more money could flow into Africa if countries tapped into the billions of
dollars that members of the diaspora send home each year by using those
remittances as collateral to raise financing from international markets. This
approach has allowed banks in several developing countries - including Brazil,
Egypt, El Salvador, Guatemala, Kazakhstan, Mexico and Turkey - to raise more
than $15 billion since 2000.

Here's how this works: When a migrant transfers foreign currency to a relative's
creditworthy bank in his home country, the bank pays out the remittance from its
holding of local currency. That transaction creates a foreign currency asset
equivalent to the size of the remittance, which can be used as collateral for
borrowing cheaply and over the long term in overseas capital markets.

Such borrowing has no effect on the flow of money from migrants to their
beneficiaries. Yet development banks, national banks in developing countries and
donor agencies can partner to harness enough remittances and create enough
collateral to raise significant sums of money to invest in agriculture, roads,
housing and other vital projects.

The people of Africa are scattered around the globe, but many still feel a
powerful sense of belonging to the continent. Through diaspora bonds and
remittances, they could create a better future for their homeland Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Pak mulls setting up of Microfinance Co

LENGTH: 435  words


The government is considering setting up the Pakistan Microfinance Company, in
line with the business model of renowned Grameen Bank of Bangladesh, in an
effort to provide small loans to farmers and businesses.

Grameen Bank, founded by Muhammad Yunus, is a Nobel Peace prize-winning
microfinance and community development bank that lends small amounts of money to
people without seeking any collateral.

In a meeting of the federal cabinet held on September 15, a participant told
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif that in a bid to reduce the cost of loans, a credit
guarantee scheme for small and marginalised farmers was already in place and its
scope was being extended to benefit 300,000 households with small landholdings.

"An amount of Rs100,000 will be provided without collateral under this scheme,"
the official said.

This would lead to total disbursement of Rs30 billion whereas the government had
set aside Rs5 billion in the budget to provide risk cover to the financial
institutions extending loans without demanding any guarantees, he said. The
cabinet was also told that the federal government was mulling over setting up
Pakistan Microfinance Company by following the business pattern of Grameen Bank.

This year, the government is pushing up the size of overall agricultural credit
to Rs616 billion compared to Rs516 billion last year, an addition of Rs100
billion, which will primarily be meant for small farmers with landholdings of up
to 12.5 acres.

Despite historically low interest rates in the country, consumers are not
enjoying the benefits as they are forced to borrow at a rate as high as 18% per
annum. In order to ease the pain felt by the small farmers, the government has
decided to reduce the cost of production loans by 2%.

The State Bank of Pakistan and provincial governments will also join hands and
start one-window operations to facilitate and promote credit flow to borrowers
in the agriculture sector.

Apart from this, the collective value of Production Index Unit will be increased
from Rs2,000 to Rs4,000, which will enable farmers to acquire more credit for
the same landholdings.

In the cabinet meeting, government officials said total impact of the
agricultural support package, announced by the prime minister few days ago,
would be Rs341 billion, including Rs147 billion as direct financial support and
Rs194 billion as credit flow to the farmers.

The government will also take long-term measures such as passage of different
legislations through parliament like the Seed Act and Plants Breeders Rights
Act, which will place the agriculture sector on a growth path in the long run.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            January 10, 2011 Monday

Water projects the priority after bad year for droughts, floods;
Extra funds for neglected and outdated farm irrigation systems

BYLINE: Mandy Zuo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 601 words


Boosting water infrastructure will be the focal point of this year's first
policy document issued jointly by the Central Committee of the Communist Party
and the State Council, state media says.

The latest issue of Outlook Weekly, run by Xinhua, reported that 10 per cent of
local governments' income from selling land this year would be used to develop
water projects on farmland.

This is the eighth consecutive year the No 1 document, issued annually in late
January, has focused on rural problems. Water issues were also discussed late
last month at the annual central rural work conference, which maps out rural
development plans for the next year.

The government made 2.7 trillion yuan (HK$3.16 trillion) by selling land last
year, which would mean a 270 billion yuan  boost for water infrastructure if the
same income is made this year, according to official data.

Normally investment in this area  is about 20 billion yuan, said Peng Zhenhuai,
head of the Local Government Research Institute at Peking University.

"Usually, the central government has 400 billion yuan of disposable funds each
year, which will be divided among 17 ministries," Peng said.

Most of the extra money would be spent on ditches and dykes in fields that have
lacked maintenance for a long time, said Qiu Weiduo , a retired senior engineer
from the China Institute of Water Resources and Hydropower Research.

Droughts and floods last year were the worst since 1998. Poor village irrigation
is considered a major contributor to the damage they have caused.

Qiu said many of the irrigation projects in past years were halffinished.
"Government funds have been mostly spent on large and medium-sized reservoirs.
The last kilometre, in which water flows to fields, is usually neglected."

He said most irrigation systems, many of which were built during the 1960s, were
outdated.

"The official utilisation rate of such irrigation is 46 per cent. But according
to my research, it should be 30 per cent," said Qiu, who has studied farm
irrigation for three decades at the institute.

Despite the central government's input, Peng worried whether the money would be
used where it's most needed. "My concern is that in the name of developing water
infrastructure, local governments could use the money to add value to the land
to be sold, say by digging rivers and lakes on a piece of land so that it sells
better," he said.

"Some might also spend the money on flood-control vehicles, reading materials on
water resources, training and so on."

Qiu agreed that since it's hard to assign responsibility to the government for
damage caused by floods and droughts, water authorities had an easier job than
other government departments. "In fact, the worse the disaster is, the more
profit it brings."

He added there had been a conflict between the Ministry of Agriculture and the
Ministry of Water Resources over resolving China's irrigation problem.

While the former has been supporting low-cost, self-developed drip irrigation,
the latter has shunned the technology and advocated more expensive technology
imported from Israel, the inventor of drip irrigation.

Qiu suggested an agriculture super-ministry be set up, combining the agriculture
and water resources ministries with the State Forestry Administration. "Given
the  range of ministries, it means resources and responsibilities are dispersed
and a lot of conflicts  emerged," he said.

Liquid assets

10 per cent of local land sales income will go to farm water projects

Based on last year's sales, local governments may contribute this much, in yuan,
to water infrastructure: 270b yuan

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Most of the money may go towards ditches and dykes. Photo: Xinhua

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              May 26, 2009 Tuesday

A waste of time and money

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 674 words


Michael O'Learyof Ryanair expressed doubt as to whether civil servants can
manage the proposed NAMA, (National Assets Management Agency, or as I term it
"Nightmare After Madness Agency").

Certainly the record of civil servants getting involved in business and property
management is not encouraging. The Thornton Hall prison project is a current
example. Firstly, the State paid way over the odds for the land. Now the project
has been put on ice.

In the pure farming arena the management of the Farm Waste Management Scheme
(FWMS) ranks among the worst examples of state mismanagement. I refer in
particular to the December 31, 2008, deadline for completion of all works and
receipt of documentation.

We all knew last year that the Irish building sector was heading towards a
precipice. To speed up that vehicle on the way to that precipice was
irresponsible. To create an expectation of cash flow within farming from
building grants, and then cut it off, is causing real and widespread hardship.

In order to meet the rushof FWMS orders from farmers, companies had to gear
upand invest in extra plant and tooling. Concrete manufacturers invested in
extra equipment for making slats and pre-cast beams, etc. Extra transport
capacity was needed to ensure that materials were delivered on time. Small
builders invested in extra shuttering, toolsand machines. Quarriesworked round
the clock. Steel and timber suppliers couldhardly meet the demandand prices
stayed artificially high for longer than they should.

Then overnight everything stopped dead. On its own this inactivity is calamitous
for the companies involved. The fact that the firms had recently invested in
extra capacity, which involved extra bank borrowings, has made things worse. One
company boss said to me: "This extra EUR1m debt incurred investing in plant and
equipment needed to meet the demand from the Farm Waste Management Scheme could
now bust my company. Yet what was I to do'

"When the business was there I did not want to turn it away. In addition, I
personally knew many of the farmers and did not want to let them down in meeting
the deadline. Today the extra plant is idle and the extra trucks sitting there
but I still have to meet the payments to the finance company."

It made so much sense not to have that December 31 deadline. The farm
organisations put huge pressure on Agriculture Minister Brendan Smith on the
issue. He blamed the deadline on the EU.

If this is true then it means that civil servants at an even higher level acted
without common sense and with crass indifference to the Irish rural economy. The
final irony is that steel and other building prices have now fallen to a level
that make farm building a much cheaper option in 2009 than it was 12 months ago.

The delayed payment of grants is also having a knock-on effect on farmers and
their suppliers. Some farmers are looking at their brand new sheds but the banks
will not loan them the finance to buy the stock to fill these units.
Cash-strapped small builders and suppliers that were to be paid from the grant
cash flow to farmers, are not getting their money.

Getting back to NAMA. I don't understand how it will operate but I can see that
it's vital for us all that NAMA works. I can see that while property prices
continue to slide, NAMA will be facing an ever burgeoning challenge. It's akin
to a weakening weightlifter being loaded with ever heavier dumbbells.

Only a return of confidence will stop the run on property prices. This
confidence will only come when investors are convinced that the economic woes
are being addressed. While the Government has made a faltering start, there is
still a refusal to address the core challenges of the cost of the public
service, the cost of the State welfare juggernaut and the lack of national
competitiveness.

When I made this point to a member of the governing party, he replied that the
unions would not stand for public service and welfare pay cuts. So, we labour on
with a public service that is overpaid as well as being incompetent.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 14, 2008 Tuesday

Up-front payments

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1530 words


Oct. 14--BISMARCK, N.D. -- Some state governments in the region are studying how
to protect farmers from the risks of making large, advanced payment on
fertilizer and chemicals.

"The elevators are saying, 'We can't guarantee that there will be fertilizer if
you're not willing to pay cash up front,'" says Bill Northey, Iowa secretary of
agriculture, who recently attended a meeting of the National Association of
State Departments of Agriculture in Bismarck, N.D. "Now, because of the increase
in expense, it makes it a much bigger number than it used to be."

Northey says some farmers in his state today will pay up front $125,000 to
$250,000 for combinations of fertilizer, up front, and it's completely
unsecured. "They're getting nervous and their bankers are getting nervous -- not
because they think something will go wrong, but it has the potential to go
wrong."

If the provider goes out of business for any reason, the farmer becomes the
unsecured creditor that is paid last.

"The real fear scenario," Northey says, is that "the farmer puts $250,000 into
this, on the notion that it guarantees a price and access to fertilizer. That
elevator puts it up the line. Somebody does something wrong -- maybe it's a
function of missing a market, or something."

If that input supplier can't deliver and goes out of business, the farmer now
already has paid that bill but has to go out and buy fertilizer -- if they can.
"It may well be much more expensive and you may not be able to have access,"
Northey says.

"The worst scenario is you have to go out and pay $350,000 for fertilizer that
may or may not be exactly what you wanted when you booked it eight months ago,"
he says.

Northey says discussions started this summer of the impact of high grain prices
on elevators.

"We thought, 'at least farmers were protected because we have a grain indemnity
fund in the state of Iowa,' but we were watching the books of our grain buyers.
We have oversight over those because of our grain indemnity fund. As we looked
at those books there's a lot of unsecured credit because they then pass money up
the line.

"We realize that farmers themselves actually have more exposure on these issues
than they do on grain issues. At least now they do because they're putting a lot
more money into pre-payment," he says.

Northey notes that his department has no knowledge of the financial condition of
suppliers of chemicals and fuel that may not also be in the grain business.

State situations differ Roger Johnson, North Dakota's agriculture commissioner,
says the state Public Service Commission -- not the ag department -- has
regulatory oversight of the state's grain industry.

The PSC has a self-funded indemnity fund to protect farmers from losses on
price-later contracts in the case of grain elevator insolvencies.

Over Johnson's objections, that fund was cut to $6 million in the 2007
Legislature, down from the $10 million cap established in the 2003 session.

"I would hope that in the next session we would revisit that and move that
higher," he says. "That may be a place where that additional issue (input
protection) could probably be contemplated. I suspect this will be a growing
issue. It will particularly get hot if we have a failure."

The credit-sales fund has been used once and now stands at $6.4 million, because
of the accumulation of interest. Sue Richter of the PSC, says the state has no
financial reporting requirements for elevators and no state agency that she
knows of asks for financial information from fertilizer and pesticide providers.

Iowa regulators have started wondering what else could be done to be able to
provide some security farmers, and farmers' bankers. Two ideas are being
explored.

One is a "warehouse receipt on fertilizer" similar to what is done with grain.
"Our laws allow that; we've never done that," Northey says. "We'd have to figure
out exactly how that can be done but we're looking into the potential of doing
that.

Second, is a letter of credit.

"You sign a $250,000 letter of credit for fertilizer. And if they deliver that
tonnage of fertilizer to you, that bank pays. There is no right to walk away
from that purchase. You have guaranteed that you will buy that fertilizer when
it is delivered. But it's not actually cash out of the door until that
fertilizer is delivered. You don't have an unsecured asset that's out there
until you actually get the fertilizer.

The money changing hands doesn't happen till later. The promise to buy is there
and it is firm and certainly those folks up the line need that promise to buy."

The department only has had initial discussions with the banking industry and
with some of the suppliers.

"Everybody's kind of interested. We've got to see how it's going to work,"
Northey says.

One of the challenges is that the money isn't only paid to the elevator and then
kept there. "The elevator has to prepay the fertilizer that they're buying. And
that person has prepay the fertilizer, whether they're buying it from overseas
or whatever. We can't have this just work on the ground here because the
elevator has to have the cash. They can't have letters of credit, at least the
way that it is right now."

Huge fertilizer needs Especially in this time when there is huge demand for
fertilizer, those who are selling are in a position to ask whatever they want.
"These markets ebb and flow. It may well be that the fertilizer industry
expands, or the demand for that fertilizer decreases a little bit, and we'll
reach a point where fertilizer is not going up $200 every three months. If we
reach that point and it gets competitive, maybe we reach the point where letters
of credit are almost as good as cash," Northey says.

Iowa's grain indemnity fund has $8 million. It has had very few claims on it in
the last handful of years. It is funded by a checkoff on grain.

If it gets below $6 million, a quarter-cent-per-bushel checkoff goes on corn to
fund it. It is not for price-later contract protection, but only for those who
receive a bad check after grain is delivered, or a warehouse receipt is not
covered.

"We continue to tell folks that credit-sale contracts are at-risk contracts. Be
very careful, know who you're dealing with. There is a real concern about what
it would take to cover it if."

Northey's grain department monitors debt-to-asset ratios of grain buyers. If the
state sees excessive debt-to-asset ratios, it can put restrictions on what the
company can offer in credit-sale contracts, or whether they are required to bond
on those contracts or have letters of credit on those contracts.

Debt-to-asset ratios of grain dealers -- whether private or co-ops -- is
increasing, Northey says.

Suppose an elevator that had a $5 million net worth and borrowed another $5
million. That debt-to-asset rate is 50 percent.

"We've actually seen some grain elevators that would be equivalent to this that
are now borrowing $20 million," he says. "They still have $5 million in assets
-- they haven't lost a single dollar -- but now their debt-to-asset ratio is 80
percent. Because $20 million of the $25 million is borrowed. They're running the
same business they always have, but they're buying $6 corn instead of buying
$1.80 corn. They're buying $1,100-per-ton fertilizer instead of $300-per-ton
fertilizer. They haven't expanded their business at all. Their margin might be
every bit as good -- maybe better."

It's a concern because the business has a lot more cash flow but still has the
same asset base it once had.

"It's also a concern that we don't trip up businesses that are doing just fine,
with regulations that catch somebody just because the business environment has
changed."

So the state is going beyond simply the debt-to-asset standards to other tests,
including whether the company has a line of credit that won't be cut off for its
borrowing capacity if its working capital needs increase.

"And have they increased their equity or net worth or their equity over the past
few years, or has that been going down? If that equity has been going up, and
that's the reason for higher debt-to-asset, that's a concern. If that equity has
been going up and they continue to have good margins, there's no reason they're
a problem -- except that it just costs more to do business -- then we're not
near as concerned," Northey says.

Where there is concern, he says, the state will require additional levels of
scrutiny.

"Generally a business provides their balance sheet to us once a year. We can
require that more often, if we need to. We can also require them to have lines
of credit guaranteed by their bank or bond those priced-later/credit-sale
contracts. We can require even monthly books, if we want to, and we can pull a
grain dealers license if they are at risk of having to default on those grain
contracts that are out there."

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081014-AW-FARMERS-PROTECT-20081014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2008 Agweek


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 22, 1992, Monday

AN ASSIST FOR US MANUFACTURERS

BYLINE: DANIEL S. GREENBERG

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 665 words


American agriculture remains super-efficient, untouched by the productivity lag
that afflicts manufacturing. What accounts for the difference between these two
basic foundations of the economy?

One striking factor is that the federal government spends a great deal of money
and talent to keep farmers technologically up to date and to solve their
production problems. The efforts date back to the early days of the nation, when
there were no arguments about the need to assure a reliable supply of ood.

Today, over $ 400 million a year is directly devoted to agricultural education
and technical service to farmers. Through various other routes, a great deal
more than that flows into the agricultural economy.

When fearsome insects descend upon the fields or disease wilts the crops,
farmers know that expert advice is promptly available from a nationwide network
of extension agents of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and its state
counterparts. But when owners of small manufacturing firms need technical
advice, for example, on corrosion problems or processing techniques, government
help is close to non-existent.

Efforts to fill that gap with "industrial extension services" hit an ideological
barrier in the Reagan administration, which condemned direct help for
manufacturers as "industrial policy." The term is political shorthand for
bureaucratic intrusions into the marketplace, and has been adopted by the Bush
administration as its battle cry against federal help for industry.

But economic necessity tends to wear down ideological conviction, and, as a
result, federal industrial extension services are beginning to sprout around the
country. At the same time, most states have established extension programs to
provide technical assistance for small and medium firms.

The federal effort now consists of five regional technology centers operated by
the National Institute of Standards and Technology, formerly the National Bureau
of Standards, plus a special center to assist state extension programs.

The name change, accompanied by assignments to help small industry, was
legislated by congressional Democrats in 1988. The Reagan White House responded
by refusing to carry out the prescribed industrial role. George Bush adopted
that tactic in the early days of his presidency.

But the woes of American industry reached the point where willingness to
experiment overcame political resistance. The Bush administration plans to
expand the technical extension services next year, and is asking Congress for $
86 million for the program. That's small money by agricultural standards, but a
major advance from the Reagan era.

Meanwhile, extension programs for industry have been set up in almost every
state. Most are fairly modest, according to a report by the National Governors'
Association, with average budgets of about $ 2 million a year. Unlike their
agricultural predecessors, which span the entire agricultural economy, the
industrial services are just beginning to make themselves known among the
nation's 360,000 small and medium-size manufacturing firms.

Many of the state programs are managed by universities and muster business,
science, and engineering professors as a corps of experts for firms seeking
assistance.

In a typical problem-solving episode reported by the Governors' Association, the
University of Tennessee's Center for Industrial Services came to the assistance
of a manufacturer of small brass valves who was having difficulty disposing of
hazardous waste. The center helped the firm develop a process that eliminated
the environmental problem and saved $ 48,000 a year at the same time.

Expert advice will not alone assure a national industrial renaissance. But it
can help - and in some instances it can spell the difference between prosperity
and failure.

Not to be overlooked is that manufacturing extension services are a
well-established feature on the Japanese and German industrial landscapes.


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Cartoon: Economists say manufacturing sector may spark the
recovery.

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: GRAPHIC

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Wealth down the drain Kevin Rudd's green dream is a nightmare for agriculture

BYLINE: PETER HUNT

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 790 words


Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's mounting policy failures are costing regional
Australians dearly, says PETER HUNT

INSTEAD of stimulating long-term investment, Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's
policies have either stifled the flow of money into regional Australia or worse,
simply drained communities of their wealth.

Murray Darling Basin communities are being plundered of water, crucial
investment in agricultural research and development is being cut and the Federal
Government's disastrous manipulation of the renewable energy certificate market
has forced wind farm developments to a standstill.

Just last week Federal Water Minister Penny Wong bragged about having already
spent $1.27 billion buying 531,905 megalitres (cap equivalent) of MDB
irrigators' water entitlements to revive the environment.

The Victorian Farmers Federation estimated that irrigated agriculture employs
one person for every 95 megalitres used. That means Senator Wong is celebrating
the loss of 5599 jobs.

Once Senator Wong spends the full $3.1 billion the government has allocated to
buying irrigators' water entitlements, she will have wiped out 13,669 jobs in
irrigated agriculture. That's before we even start talking about the flow-on
effects to the rest of the community.

Even more frightening is the impact of further cuts to irrigators' entitlements
to be made under the new MDB draft Sustainable Diversion Limits to be announced
mid-year.

The tragedy for the MDB's 2.2 million people is Mr Rudd's failure to counter the
loss of water and wealth from these regional economies with the promised
roll-out of the government's $5.8 billion investment in irrigation
infrastructure.

By June 30 this year the government will have spent less than 8 per cent of the
$5.8 billion -- a large chunk of which includes spending by the previous Howard
Government on the Wimmera Mallee pipeline.

Yet the worst aspect of the $12.9 billion Water for the Future program is that
all this water is being taken from irrigators without a list of what
environmental assets the government wants to revive.

Details were meant to be outlined in a long-awaited environmental watering plan
for the basin.

But neither Senator Wong or the MDB Authority have responded to demands for
details on what assets and what volumes are needed to revive the basin.

Every Australian taxpayer should be worried that Mr Rudd's government is
spending $12.9 billion of their money without first setting its environmental
targets.

It seems the Government is more than willing to risk the economic viability,
jobs and even lives of some Australians in its mad rush to implement its green
policies.

The Government's home insulation scheme has cost four workers their lives and
led to enormous wastage of public funds. Then there's the solar panel and hot
water schemes.

These roof-top technologies have flooded the market with cheap renewable energy
certificates (REC), forcing down REC prices from $50 a megawatt hour to about
$30/MWh, during the past 12 months.

In its rush, the Government last year gave household solar panels five times
their real worth in RECs and introduced a $1600 rebate on solar hot water
systems.

Once these cheap and phantom credits flooded the REC market, prices collapsed
making dozens of large scale wind, solar and wave power projects unviable, given
they rely on selling their RECs to fund the projects. Pacific Hydro has put $2
billion of investment in wind farms on hold and AGL's Macarthur wind farm is on
hold.

Portland wind tower manufacturer Keppel Prince Engineering has put 70 workers on
forced leave and warns it will be forced to sack 120 workers if the federal
Government doesn't resolve the REC market's failure.

The massive cost of these green projects has forced the Government to make cuts
in other programs, some of which are crucial to agriculture.

The Government has axed CSIRO's Land and Water division, saving itself $19.3
million, cut and imposed savings measures on the Department of Agriculture
Forestry and Fisheries, saving it $10 million a year, and cut the Rural
Industries Research and Development Corporation funding by $3 million.

All this from a Federal Agriculture Minister, Tony Burke, who constantly harps
on about Australia's role in maintaining global food security.

But the real risk to rural Australia's long-term viability is about to emerge in
the form of cuts to the nation's research and development corporations.

Mr Burke has set the ball rolling with a Productivity Commission Review, which
seems clearly aimed at cutting their government funding.

It seems Kevin Rudd and his team are pursuing their green dreams without any
respect for the millions of regional Australians who will bear the losses for
years to come.

Peter Hunt is a Weekly Times senior reporter

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday

Techniques can reduce runoff;
Farmers work to keep algae from forming in lake.

BYLINE: By Tom Henry

SECTION: ; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 409 words


BOWLING GREEN - If fish could talk, they would likely approve of efforts some
northwest Ohio farmers are undertaking to help keep oxygen-robbing algae from
forming in Lake Erie and its tributaries.

Agriculture has historically been one of the greatest contributors to the algae
problem because of fertilizers and animal manure that rain washes into rivers
and streams. Those flow into Lake Erie's shallow western basin, where they
promote algae growth as they bake in warm summer water.

It's been a constant battle to keep the principal nutrient, phosphorus, out of
the water.

But at an event on the Mike Emch family farm off Dunbridge Road, between
Perrysburg and Bowling Green in Wood County's Middleton Twp., reporters were
given a look this week at some of the more innovative farming techniques
developed in recent years to reduce runoff from crop fields.

Those techniques include the use of cover crops, such as radishes and cereal rye
grass, that help water penetrate soil along their roots and trap surface
moisture with foliage.

Cover crops can reduce the need for fertilizers, which saves farmers money.

Other techniques include geographic system mapping in tandem with soil-sample
data to help farmers better target their fertilizer applications, which also
saves money.

They include structures to help control drainage, and machines to help
fertilizers penetrate deeper into soil.

Jim Zehringer, director of the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, attended
the site visit with state Sen. Randy Gardner, R-Bowling Green, and state Rep.
Tim Brown, R-Bowling Green, and said none offer sure-fire guarantees.

But Zehringer said those techniques are among many tools ODNR promotes to help
protect Lake Erie, to balance the need for agriculture with the need for
environmental protection.

"This is not just about agriculture," Gardner added.

Sewer overflows and dredging also contribute to the problem, he said.

Brown said it's important to curb algae because of its multibillion dollar
impact on tourism and recreation, another one of Ohio's biggest industries.

Northwest Ohio farmers are among many in the Great Lakes region expected to face
more land-use pressure as the world's population swells, the Earth's climate
warms, and water shortages in other parts of North America become more acute.

Farmers need to embrace algae-prevention techniques voluntarily to keep the
federal government from imposing mandates on their industry they won't like,
Gardner said.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

UNDER LENS - Rs 9k Cr deposited in dist co-op banks in 5 days after cash ban

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: TIMES NATION | BLACK OUT?

LENGTH: 420 words


Either the rural economy is extremely robust, or farming possibly the most
lucrative of occupations. Deposits totalling over Rs 9,000 crore were made in
select district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) across 17 states between
November 10 and 15. The government's demonetisation decision kicked in on
November 9.

Perennially ailing with accumulated losses and large non-performing assets,
DCCBs suddenly mopped up over Rs 147 crore in the demonetised Rs 500 and Rs
1,000 notes.

Once the flow of deposits into the politically control

led outfits was noticed, policymakers at North Block and the RBI barred DCCBs
from accepting any more deposits of the scrapped notes.However, according to
experts, the five-day window clearly proved enough for those with connections in
DCCBs to convert their unaccounted for wealth into the new notes.

\x93For many years, DCCBs have been hunting grounds for politicians who open
accounts in the name of farmers and use them for money laundering,'' former
NABARD managing direc

tor Dr K G Karmakar said.

Officials have particularly expressed surprise about the deposits of over Rs
1,800 crore in Kerala, where agriculture is on the brink of collapse.

\x93The DCCBs in Kerala

mostly serve marginal farmers and small businesses.It is worth investigating how
these loan-dependent depositors deposited Rs 1,810 crore in a matter of five
days,\x93 a top bureaucrat told TOI.

Ditto in Punjab, whose 20plus DCCBs recorded deposits of Rs 1,268 crore.
Maharashtra, which has seen a steady decline in the cooperative movement and
politicisation of district-level banks, ranked third highest, with deposits of
Rs 1,128 crore between November 10 and 14.

\x93Farmers in Maharash

tra are consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay loan sharks... These
small and marginal farmers, who form the largest depositor base of the 31 DCCBs
in the state, barely manage to provide for their families. The deposits reveal
how the institution of the DCCB has once again been exploited by political
overlords,\x93 a top official from the state agriculture department said.

Speaking of the RBI's decision to ban DCCBs from depositing or exchanging the
demonetised notes -a decision that has sparked protests and also been challenged
in court, Karmakar added, \x93This was the best decision RBI could take as it
not only curbed money laundering, but also the circulation of counterfeit notes.
Many of these small banks do not have the facilities to identify counterfeit
bills, which hikes the fraudulent activities further.\x93

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sacramento Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 2, 2006 Wednesday

State looks to flex ag clout: California farmers want bigger slice of U.S.
subsidies

BYLINE: Jim Downing, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


Aug. 2--Despite its position as the top-producing agricultural state, California
often has been a relative wallflower when Congress goes through the
twice-a-decade ritual that determines federal agricultural spending.

But in 2007, the year that the next farm bill is set to be passed, the Golden
State is looking to throw its weight around.

To do that, though, farm interests will have to come together around a common
agenda, something that has been difficult to achieve in the past, given the
state's extraordinarily diverse agricultural economy.

The bulk of the $20 billion in annual federal farm program spending now flows
overwhelmingly to just five crops -- rice, cotton, soy, corn and wheat -- which
are grown mostly in the Midwest and South.

California farmers also grow plenty of cotton and rice, but the bulk of the
state's farm production is fruits, nuts and vegetables -- the so-called
"specialty crops" that are ineligible for most federal support.

Specialty crop interests have been organizing both statewide and nationally over
the past two years to influence the farm bill.

At a public farm bill hearing Tuesday at the state Capitol hosted by state Food
and Agriculture Secretary A.G. Kawamura, they made their case to increase
funding for a few key priorities:

-- Marketing programs, both domestic and international.

-- Research and food safety programs aimed at combating plant and animal
diseases.

-- Conservation grants to reward farmers for adopting environmentally sound
practices.

-- Nutrition programs, especially for children.

-- Alternative energy programs.

While it's hard to argue the merits of such programs, securing funding is likely
to be difficult, because it would result in cuts in existing subsidy programs,
which have durable political support.

"There's not enough money to go around," said Don Bransford, a Colusa rice
farmer and the chairman of the California Rice Producers Group.

"I think that fruits and nuts will be at the table this time and that there will
be less money in the total pot," he said.

The Bush administration has hinted that it will support a significant overhaul
of subsidies, but such changes are certain to face opposition in Congress and
from much of the farm lobby.

The powerful American Farm Bureau, for instance, said last week that it supports
extending the current farm bill.

Daniel Sumner, an economics professor who directs the University of California
Agricultural Issues Center at UC Davis, said it remains to be seen whether the
newly emboldened advocates for farm policy change will actually be able to
influence Congress.

"Those groups are at all the public hearings," he said.

"The question is: Do they know where the back room is, where the bill really
gets written at midnight?"

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sacramento Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060802-SA-0802-State-looks-to-flex-ag-clout

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SA


                         Copyright 2006 Sacramento Bee


                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     Crest

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday

Food bowled

LENGTH: 969 words


The disastrous effect of the state throwing up its hands and retreating is most
starkly visible in agriculture . Remember: agriculture involves 70 per cent of
the country's population , generates about 56 per cent of national income, 64
per cent of total expenditure and about one third of total savings. So, any
neglect translates into gigantic costs. And the central crisis in agriculture -
production barely matching a depressed level of consumption - casts long
shadows. It breeds chronic inflation, dependence on costly imports, and
speculation. It drives people to flock to cities and towns in everlarger
numbers, starting a new cycle of poverty and misery. It leaves the nation at the
mercy of a fickle monsoon, with all the attendant ills. And it bodes ill for the
future. Ramesh Chand, director, National Institute for Agricultural Economics
and Policy Research, says that at present growth rates demand for foodgrains by
2020 will reach 280.6 million tonnes while production will lag behind at 273.4
million tonnes. This is assuming the current insufficient foodgrain consumption
by the bulk of the people continues as it is.

How has the state neglected agriculture? The clearest indication of this apathy
is the dramatic decline in the government's investment in agriculture. From the
heady days of the Green Revolution, when 13-14 per cent of all public investment
was flowing into agriculture, the beginning of the reforms era saw a drastic cut
as part of the government's new thinking on reducing public expenditure . In
1990-91 , public investment in agriculture had plummeted to just 6.3 per cent of
all investment. This was reflected in the share of investment in GDP, too, which
dipped to a minuscule 0.7 per cent.

In the nearly two decades since 1990-91 , public investment in agriculture has
virtually stagnated at around 6 per cent of all public investment. Even with GDP
growing at a healthy 8-9 per cent during 2005 and 2008, agriculture got a bare
0.6 per cent as investment in 2008-09 .

What happens when there is such low public investment in agriculture? To put
things in perspective, nearly 2 lakh farmers committed suicide and 8 million
quit farming between 1991 and 2001. Take the case of irrigation. Water is the
most essential input required for cultivation. In India, 56 per cent of
foodgrains are produced from 47 million hectares (Mha) of irrigated land while
the rest, 44 per cent, is produced from 95 Mha of rain-dependent land. Put
another way, foodgrain production could almost double if presently rain-fed
areas were assured water through irrigation. The most sustainable way of
providing irrigation is through trapping rainwater and distributing it through
canals. This can be done by mega projects or through smaller ones. Both require
capital investment, but the government seems to have simply given up on this.

The ministry of water resources has estimated the ultimate irrigation potential
(UIP) of the country at 139.9 Mha. Against this, the irrigation potential (IP)
created till the end of the 10th Plan was 102.77 Mha and the actual net
irrigated area around 62.31 Mha, as per Planning Commission estimates.

Under-capitalisation is money gone down the drain. Although the government spent
over Rs 66,000 crore during 1996-2008 on all kinds of irrigation projects, a
recent report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) says that in the six
major states which received 83 per cent of the funds, only 36 per cent of the
irrigation projects were completed. Though a part of the sordid story can be
linked to corruption, mismanagement and legal delays, the main reason is
insufficient flow of funds leading to setbacks and cost over-runs . As a result,
millions continue to depend on rainfall and in case of even a partial failure,
like last year, shock waves ripple through the whole economy.

Another dangerous consequence of neglecting irrigation is that it forces people
to exploit groundwater to irrigate their crops. Over 230 cubic-kilometers of
groundwater get drawn every year - one fourth of the world's usage - and almost
80 per cent of this is used for irrigation, leading to an irreversible damage to
the country's water resources even as rainwater is wasted in the form of runoff.

Government investment in research and extension has also slowed down in recent
years. According to recent RBI data, public expenditure on research was growing
at a healthy 9.5 per cent per annum in the 1970s. In the 1980s, this declined to
about 6.5 per cent and finally to 4.8 per cent during 1990-2005 . With all the
talk of technology needed to increase the abysmal productivity of Indian crops,
the real state of affairs is that our laboratories and R&D institutions are
being slowly starved of funds.

Extension services are needed to demonstrate the results of research to farmers
and to train them in the use of new technologies. The flow of funds to this
crucial link was growing at 7 per cent during the '80s but slowed down to 2 per
cent in 1990-2005 .

The short-sightedness of curtailing public expenditure on agriculture has a
bizarre consequence: government food subsidy bills keep increasing. Since 1999,
while investment in agriculture stagnated at about 6 per cent, food subsidy
rocketed from about Rs 9,200 crore to Rs 46,907 crore in 2009-10 . This happens
because agriculture is increasingly becoming unviable ; farmers have to be
subsidised and because of shortages the government has to run a public
distribution system, admittedly lame, which involves huge costs.

Strangely, the government, which is willing to spend thousands of crores on
rural employment generation, turns a blind eye towards addressing the root cause
of rural unemployment - the languishing agricultural sector. And the penalty is
paid by the whole country.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                 January 10, 1997, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Congress' actions will be felt in Georgia;
Water and transportation are among the issues in Washington that the state will
be watching closely.

BYLINE: Ken Foskett; WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 658 words

DATELINE: Washington


The new Congress will tackle several issues this year that have major
consequences for Georgia, deciding how much water the state will have for growth
and how much money it will get for roads, bridges and mass transit.

Cities from Atlanta to Savannah also will be urging members of the 105th
Congress, who convened for business this week, to fund both large and small
projects in their jurisdictions.

The costliest may be an idea by the city of Atlanta to seek congressional
funding for the city's water infrastructure problems, including the construction
of combined sewer overflow facilities to prevent sewage and storm water from
contaminating local rivers.

City officials are still trying to decide how much they can ask for to help
defray the five-year cost of all water-related projects, estimated at close to $
700 million.

The city also will ask for more money for Hartsfield International Airport's
fifth runway project and seek help in getting Hartsfield declared an equine port
by the Department of Agriculture. Only three other U.S. airports have the
designation, which would allow Atlanta to be a port of entry for horses.

In Savannah and Brunswick, officials will ask Congress for more funds to dredge
local rivers to improve the flow of tanker and ship traffic at the state's two
busiest ports.

The Sidney Lanier Bridge in Brunswick, which got a federal grant of $ 7 million
last year, will be up for more funding this year. The project, still not
finished, has received about half of its $ 50 million federal authorization.

The U.S. 27 bypass around the Chickamauga-Chattanooga Military Park in northwest
Georgia also will be eligible for more federal funding to help complete the
four-lane corridor extending from Walker County to Decatur County. Since 1989,
the federal government has given the state $ 28 million toward the $ 66 million
project.

Sen. Paul Coverdell (R-Ga.) also will be looking for some money to fund a peanut
competitiveness center at one of the University of Georgia's agricultural
research centers.

The idea for the center, devoted to exploring more trade opportunities for
Georgia peanut growers, grew out of the overhaul of the farm program last year.

The legislation with the broadest implications for Georgia, however, will be
Congress' action on the water compacts between Georgia, Alabama and Florida and
the reauthorization of $ 25 billion a year in highway money for all 50 states.

The water pacts first must be approved by the state legislatures in all three
states. Harold Reheis, director of the state Environmental Protection Division,
wants Congress to act on the pacts before the end of 1997.

The pacts lay out the framework for the three states to agree on water
allocation levels from the Chattahoochee, Flint, Apalachicola, Coosa and
Tallapoosa rivers.

Such pacts, more common in Western states, would be the first in the Southeast.

"It should just be a formality," said Rep. Mac Collins (R-Ga.). "The Congress
should not have a lot of room to disagree" with the state's actions.

Congress is also planning to reauthorize the Intermodal Surface Transportation
Efficiency Act, known as ISTEA, which sets out the formulas under which states
receive money from the highway trust funds.

In the last federal budget, Georgia got $ 473.4 million in ISTEA money, funding
everything from bike paths in Atlanta to the state's new computer-monitored
highway system.

But Georgia is one of more than 20 states that puts more money into the highway
trust funds than it gets out under the ISTEA funding formulas, averaging about
79 cents back from every dollar it sends to Washington in motor fuel taxes.

The inequity will be one of the major topics of debate as Congress reconsiders
the ISTEA legislation early this year. The outcome will determine funding levels
for dozens of transportation projects in Atlanta and the state over the next
five to seven years.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This story ran only in the Metro Edition of The Atlanta Constitution.

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Rep. Mac Collins (R-Ga.)
 Photo: mug of Sen. Paul Coverdell (R-Ga.)

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                October 16, 1988, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

How Bush would keep the capital in capitalism

BYLINE: By Jim Wright Special to The Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 672 words


   You can't do capitalism without capital.

This important fact of life is the reason George Bush deserves credit for
showing some issue-stand courage in a year that has not been noted for that
quality.

Bush came out publicly for a lower tax - 15 per cent - on long-term capital
gains. Though this won't win him many votes he hasn't already got on the right,
he knows he will be pounded by demagoguery from the left from now until
November: Capital is something that millions of voters think affects nobody but
the filthy rich. They couldn't be more wrong. And their error is costly for the
country, for them personally. Rich people, including the four rich people on the
two tickets, know better. But only two of them are letting on.

Rich kids used to learn how to say, somewhere between ma-ma and da-da, those
three little words: Never touch principal. The family's principal (or capital)
was the main body of the estate, that central store of wealth used, not for
consumption, but for putting to work at earning other money. In the family's
eyes, it might be at least forgivable to do outrageous, wastrel things with this
other money, the income. But to spend money meant for capital was a cardinal
sin, sure to lead to downfall and ruin for the whole family.

Somewhere back down the family tree, Grandpa or Great-Grandpa or some other
shrewd ancestor had saved, earned or stolen money that was not spent immediately
but put to work in an investment, to make money itself, to produce a steady flow
of earnings for the family to live on.

Yet unborn

This body of working capital - as opposed to spending money - got Grandpa, his
heirs and descendants out from behind the wheelbarrow. The heirs to its title
were impressed in every possible way that losing it would earn them the curses
of generations of kinfolk yet unborn.

It's a shame that the rest of us, the non-rich kids, do not get similar
instruction. Because what goes for a rich capitalist family also goes for a rich
capitalist country. Or, for that matter, a poor communist country: Any economic
system that hopes to rise above the hunting-and-gathering stage has to defer
consumption of some wealth that can be set aside as an investment for the
future.

Mao or no Mao, even a collective farm has to lay aside part of its crop for seed
corn. No amount of ideological fervor, no masses of mobilized Marxists can
produce industrial power without capital.

Yet we, supposedly the prototype capitalist country, continue to tax capital at
just about the highest rate in the industrial world. The 33 per cent top rate at
which capital gains are now taxed here compares oddly with the rate all around
the booming Pacific Rim. In Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan and
Malaysia, the rate is 0, zero, zip. Nor do Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands
tax capital gains. And West Germany taxes only short-term gains.

Why do such varied societies and governments all have no-tax or low-tax policies
on capital gains? For two practical reasons:

First, the building up of a nation's stock of wealth dedicated to the production
of more wealth produces gains of more and better jobs as well as more capital.
It provides richer tax revenue for governments as well as higher incomes for
capitalists.

Thus, not only the capitalists living on dividend checks, but the workers living
on wages and the poor living on government support all depend on capital.

Second, capital gains on paper are often not gains at all, but merely the
effects of inflation over the years of an investment.

Yet, because demagogues always have been able to portray a lower tax rate on
capital gains as a loophole for the rich, politicians of both parties have been
frightened away from a tax policy that they know - and the record proves - will
produce not only more jobs for us but higher tax revenue for them.

Bush, to his credit, has not been frightened away. And he is getting many cheap
shots from his opponent because of it.

THE DALLAS MORNING NEWS

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Ohio to help protect water;
Funds to be available to keep sewage overflows out of watershed.;
PUBLIC SAFETY

BYLINE: By Laura A. Bischoff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 558 words


Carol Snyder of Northwood holds up a jar with water collected from Lake Erie at
Maumee Bay State Park earlier this month in Oregon, Ohio.

COLUMBUS - In the wake of the Toledo water crisis, state officials rolled out a
plan Thursday to help cities test and treat drinking water and prevent sewage
overflows into the Lake Erie watershed.

The plan also offers grants to farmers who want to do their part in cutting
fertilizer run off flowing to the lake.

"Lake Erie is one of Ohio's most precious resources and each day millions turn
to it for drinking as well as their livelihoods. Ohio has been increasingly
aggressive in protecting it and we're building on those efforts with new
resources for those on the front lines of this battle. There's more work to be
one and we're going to keep pushing forward," said Gov. John Kasich in a
prepared statement.

Two weeks ago when a blue-green algal bloom drifted into Toledo's water intake,
chemists at the city's treatment plant detected unsafe levels of toxic
microcystin in finished drinking water. That triggered a do-not-drink order for
500,000 people in Ohio and Michigan, raised alarm about pollution in Lake Erie
and shook the confidence in the public drinking water system. Water was
delivered to Toledo from as far away as Piqua to help with the crisis.

Here is a breakdown of the money announced Thursday:

* $100 million in loans for local wastewater systems for equipment and
facilities that will reduce the levels of phosphorus and other pollutants;

* $50 million in loans for local water treatment plants for upgrades and back-up
water source systems;

* $1 million grant money for local public water systems to buy lab equipment,
supplies and training needed to test for toxins produced by algal blooms;

* $1.25 million grant money for farmers to plant cover crops this winter on up
to 25,000 acres and install up to 300 drainage devices to cut back on nutrient
run off into the Lake Erie watershed; and

* $2 million grant money for Ohio institutions to conduct research into algal
blooms.

"These are going to take some time. Again, this is a long problem that has been
building up over the years and we are going make sure that we do everything we
can that we can to start reducing nutrients that are getting into our rivers and
streams," said Ohio Department of Natural Resources Director Jim Zehringer.

The grant money will flow to only a small fraction of the tens of thousands of
farmers working the 4.5 million acres of agriculture land that drains into the
Maumee River and then into Lake Erie's western basin. Scientists say agriculture
fertilizer and manure runoff is the leading contributor to phosphorus, which
leads to harmful algal blooms. The blooms have plagued the lake every summer
since 1998.

A new state law will require farmers in the next three years to be certified in
fertilizer application. But the law doesn't cover manure spreading practices and
there is no requirement that farmers actually follow the best practices.

State Sen. Edna Brown, D-Toledo, introduced a bill Thursday that would add
manure to the fertilizers covered in the certification program.

Ohio Department of Agriculture Director Dave Daniels sidestepped a question
about whether Ohio should expand the law. "We certainly look at all those
options. We don't have the authority to do anything like that now," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 15, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

It's Boom or Bust in Latest Plan to Roust Vultures

Susan Saulny; Peter Pae, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. V02; LOUDOUN NOTEBOOK

LENGTH: 775 words


Don't mistake any fireworks crackling over Leesburg next week for a celebration:
After losing yet another battle last week in an ongoing war with roosting
vultures, town and federal officials are going to try pyrotechnics -- again.

Six U.S. Department of Agriculture staff members plan to launch firecrackers
into the air over western Leesburg at dusk Tuesday, in an effort to disperse the
birds -- numbered at nearly 300.

This "sound repellent" could take place every night for a week in what officials
call an "intense effort" to persuade the birds to move to less populated areas.

Town officials have sought federal help as a last resort. The USDA's first
attempt at trapping the birds failed last month when a cage gave way under the
vultures' weight. Then, last Friday, 12 vultures were trapped in a reinforced
cage baited with animal carcasses -- but afterward, to officials' chagrin, other
birds avoided the cage.

"It's really peculiar. The birds weren't even touching the bait for some unknown
reason," said Sgt. Claggett Moxley, spokesman for the Leesburg police.
"Something spooked them. Maybe they saw their friends being caught. At this
point in time, anything's possible."

Moxley said pyrotechnics were used three years ago with limited success. But the
federal effort next week will be much larger, he said, blanketing the entire
northwest quadrant of town.

"If this doesn't work," he said, "I don't know what they're going to do."

Gloves Come Off in 33rd

With five days left in the special election for the 33rd District state Senate
seat, the candidates set aside pleasantries and came out swinging this week,
accusing each other of spreading misinformation.

First to strike was Democrat Jean S. Brown, who accused her opponent, Del.
William C. Mims (R-Loudoun), of falsely portraying himself as an "anti-growth
crusader" in a mailing emphasizing his support of impact fees and opposition to
Walt Disney Co.'s proposal to build a theme park in Prince William County three
years ago.

"Bill Mims portraying himself as an anti-growth crusader is laughable," Brown
said, alleging that Mims had voted for legislation providing transportation
funding for the Disney project. "We have a saying for things like this in rural
Loudoun: That dog just won't hunt no more."

In response, Mims said Brown got it all wrong. He said that he has been a strong
supporter of impact fees since 1991 but that they have had little support
locally until now. In addition, Mims said he was one of the few Republicans who
opposed providing any incentives to the Disney project.

Mims said the legislation Brown is referring to was split in two, with one part
providing funds for long-planned road improvements -- which he supported -- and
another part directly tied to the Disney project, which he opposed.

"I did not vote for Disney, and Governor Allen [a strong Disney supporter] knows
I didn't vote for Disney," Mims said. "If they are going to accuse me of
anything, they ought to at least have done their homework."

Mims supporters launched a counteroffensive, accusing Brown of mischaracterizing
her campaign by pledging not to take any campaign money from developers.

In a news release, Douglas Domenech, chairman of the Loudoun Republican
Committee, said Brown's pledge is contrary to recent campaign finance disclosure
documents showing that her campaign received $ 12,000 in campaign funds from the
Loudoun County Democratic Committee. But the money originally came from the
campaign coffers of Democrat Charles L. Waddell, who is vacating the Senate
seat. Some of the money, Domenech alleges, came from developers.

"It makes no difference that this money has been laundered through the local
Democratic Committee. Developers gave to Waddell. Waddell gave to the Democratic
Committee. The committee gave to Jean Brown," Domenech said. "It's a slick way
to do it.

Brown said that the allegations are ridiculous and that Domenech is desperate
for some political dirt when there isn't any.

"The money that he is asking me to give back could be the very money that I
raised from ordinary citizens," Brown said, noting that she has long helped
Waddell raise money.

Leesburg Goes for the Flow

Leesburg officials are asking the county to authorize construction of a
2-million-gallon reservoir and a 24-inch pipe on Old Waterford Road, just
outside town limits, to support the town's water system.

The 7,500-square-foot storage tank would stand 45 feet high on 2.2 acres on the
west side of the road. The Loudoun County Planning Commission has recommended
approval of the project, which must be reviewed.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Historic boost for wetlands ;
 In West Palm, feds unveil a $100 million project.

BYLINE: By SUSAN SALISBURY Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


The U.S. Department of Agriculture will spend $100 million for wetlands
restoration on 24,000 acres in the North Everglades Watershed, Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack said Thursday.

The money will be used to acquire permanent easements from agricultural
producers in four Central Florida counties.

Vilsack, who made the announcement at Palm Beach County's 548-acre Winding
Waters Natural Area off Haverhill Road north of 45th Street, said it is the
department's largest conservation deal in a single state at one time.

"This is an important day," he said. "It's an important day for the United
States. It's an important day for Florida and the Everglades."

Every $1 invested in land conservation results in $4 of economic activity such
as tourism, Vilsack said.

"It's an economic driver," Vilsack said, adding that the restoration work itself
will result in hundreds of jobs. "It will generate more economic activity as
people come to the state of Florida to participate in the great outdoors."

The project will improve water quality, quantity and flow, he said, and will
provide a habitat for wildlife.

Under the initiative, known as the Wetlands Reserve Program, landowners sell
development rights and place the land in a conservation easement that
permanently maintains it as agriculture and open space.

The planned acquisitions in Glades, Hendry, Highlands and Okeechobee counties
follow the $89 million purchase of easements on 26,000 acres in Highlands County
a year ago.

A.J. Suarez of Hendry County Nursery Farms signed an agreement with the USDA on
Thursday to start the process of selling 3,782 acres for easement rights. Suarez
is slated to receive a one-time payment of $17 million.

South Bay-based sod producer Lester Woerner, president of Woerner Holdings, said
he is negotiating with the USDA regarding 3,200 acres he owns in Highlands
County that will become part of the wetlands program.

Blue Head Ranch received $42 million last year for 11,000 acres near Fisheating
Creek in Highlands County, said Ken Smith, a former Blue Head manager now with
Alico. The money was used to remove a diseased citrus grove and replace it with
strawberry and blueberry fields.

"That created 400 to 600 seasonal jobs and 20 to 30 full-time jobs," Smith said.

The USDA has become the leader for conservation in the northern Everglades, said
Keith Fountain, The Nature Conservancy's director of protection.

"They are protecting and restoring habitats for wildlife in South Florida,"
Fountain said. "They are doing this while keeping the land in private ownership.
They are retaining and cleaning water."

Palm Beach County Commissioner Priscilla Taylor thanked the USDA Thursday for
partnering with the county in the creation of Winding Waters. Taylor said she is
concerned about the possibility of not obtaining money to enhance Winding
Waters. The rules have changed and no longer allow the USDA to pay for wetlands
restoration on publicly owned land.

Vilsack toured Winding Waters in a swamp buggy and spotted an alligator.

The little oasis has attracted wildlife such as white ibises, great egrets and
bobcats.

~ susan_salisbury@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Bovine TB relief funds 'bright spot' for ranchers; Beef producers have access to
$17M for extra costs created by quarantine

BYLINE: Amanda Stephenson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 631 words


A nearly $17-million aid package announced by the federal and provincial
governments Wednesday will go a long way toward getting ranchers affected by a
bovine tuberculosis outbreak in southeast Alberta back on their feet, according
to an industry group.

Bob Lowe, chair of the Alberta Beef Producers, said he was pleased to hear
federal Minister of Agriculture Lawrence MacAulay confirm in the House of
Commons that producers experiencing "extraordinary costs" due to the ongoing
quarantine will be eligible for financial assistance under the AgriRecovery
Framework, a joint federal-provincial disaster relief program.

"It's a substantial amount of money and I'd like to commend the government for
moving with haste," Lowe said. "They got it done a lot faster than a lot of
things move."

Details of the $16.7-million program, including specifics about how the money
will get into producers' hands, are expected to be worked out in the coming
days. MacAulay said the money is intended to help cover such costs as feeding
and water infrastructure, animal feed, transportation, cleaning and
disinfection, as well as interest costs on loans due to the circumstances.

"Being a farmer, I fully understand how serious this is for the ranchers who are
affected," MacAulay said in his statement.

The amount of money to be provided is based on an assessment of the disaster
event, including estimates for the current herds involved, with an added
contingency should the quarantine be expanded in both Alberta and Saskatchewan.

The beef industry has been pushing for assistance for the approximately 40
ranches in southeast Alberta and southwest Saskatchewan affected by a quarantine
order as the Canadian Food Inspection Agency conducts an investigation into
bovine TB. To date, there are six confirmed cases of the bacterial disease,
including the first cow confirmed to have the disease when it was slaughtered in
the United States in September and traced to a ranch near Jenner, Alta.

The CFIA said last week that at least 10,000 of the quarantined animals - deemed
"high risk" for contracting or transmitting the infectious disease - will be
slaughtered. Though the CFIA compensates producers whose animals must be
destroyed as a result of an investigation, it doesn't provide compensation for
losses incurred as a result of being unable to get healthy animals to the
feedlot or auction block because of a quarantine.

Many ranchers affected by the quarantine are facing financial difficulties due
to being forced to hold onto their animals long past when they would typically
have sold them. In the Jenner area, conditions are very dry and most ranchers
are not set up to keep calves over the winter.

"It's been bad," Lowe said. "This (disaster relief funding) is a bright spot in
what's been a very gloomy fall for some people."

The provincial government will administer the financial aid program and has
committed to ensuring the money flows as quickly and smoothly as possible.
Meanwhile, producers with cash flow problems can get immediate help through the
Advance Payments Program, which offers up to a $400,000 advance to eligible
producers, as well as a number of other government programs.

The Canadian Food Inspection Agency has also approved a plan that would allow
ranchers affected by the bovine tuberculosis outbreak in southeast Alberta to
move their cattle offtheir properties.

The food safety watchdog said last week it had given the go-ahead to a beef
industry proposal to establish a feedlot as an alternate quarantine site, a move
that would give some relief to ranchers who would struggle to feed and water
quarantined cattle over the winter months on their own properties.
astephenson@postmedia.com Twitter.com/AmandaMsteph !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike Drew, Files; At least 10,000 animals at "high risk" for bovine TB
will likely be destroyed;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Banks must adopt agri financing as viable business'

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 94

LENGTH: 583  words


The banks should adopt agricultural financing as a viable business activity for
the development of the agriculture sector in the country.

State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Executive Director Muhammad Ashraf Khan said this
while presiding over a one-day 'Farmers' Financial Literacy and Awareness
Programme on Agricultural Financing,' which was jointly organised by SBP and
Habib Bank Ltd on Wednesday at NRSP Training Centre, Bahawalpur.

He said the agriculture sector has a key role in country's economy and stressed
the need for making necessary finances available to farmers for multiple
cropping activities. He outlined SBP's efforts for creating awareness among the
farming community and developing capacity of commercial banks through its
various training and awareness programmes.

Islamia University, Bahalwalpur Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Muhammad Mukhtar, who
was the chief guest at the inaugural session, appreciated SBP's initiative to
promote farmers' financial literacy and stressed the need to synergise the
efforts of all stakeholders to improve access to credit especially to the
agriculture sector. He said that the academia could play an important role in
improving credit culture and in creating awareness among the farming community.

SBP Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department Head Dr Saeed Ahmed said the
programme is aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about
agriculture financing products and services offered by banks, money management
techniques and lending procedures, documentations, etc.

Besides, it would also develop capacity of agriculture field officers of banks
in agriculture financing and synergise the efforts of all stakeholders including
policymakers, executing agencies, service providers and farming community to
improve access to agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional
initiatives and policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent
increase in the flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs 137.4 billion
in 2005-06 to Rs 263 billion in 2010-11.

However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging growth, the disbursement to
the agriculture sector was around 40 percent of the total estimated credit
requirements. SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to 70-80 percent
during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by adopting a
multi-pronged strategy, he added.

The inaugural session was followed by a technical session for the agricultural
credit staff of banks in which senior officials of SBP and HBL made detailed
presentations on dynamics of agriculture finance and related policies. The
purpose of this session was to train the agriculture finance officials of banks
enabling them to conduct farmers' financial literacy programs at their end and
to share the best practices in agriculture lending with the participants.

A farmers' session was also held to educate the farming community about the
products and services offered by financial institutions, their rights and duties
as customers of financial institutions, consumer protection as well as money
management skills to enable them to use their limited financial resources in a
prudent manner. This session was attended by a large gathering of farmers from
adjoining areas of Bahawalpur. The officials of SBP and senior management of HBL
present on the occasion responded to various queries raised by the local farming
community and apprised them about the future plans/initiatives for improving
access to agriculture finance.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Banks must adopt agri financing as viable business'

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 94

LENGTH: 583  words


The banks should adopt agricultural financing as a viable business activity for
the development of the agriculture sector in the country.

State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Executive Director Muhammad Ashraf Khan said this
while presiding over a one-day 'Farmers' Financial Literacy and Awareness
Programme on Agricultural Financing,' which was jointly organised by SBP and
Habib Bank Ltd on Wednesday at NRSP Training Centre, Bahawalpur.

He said the agriculture sector has a key role in country's economy and stressed
the need for making necessary finances available to farmers for multiple
cropping activities. He outlined SBP's efforts for creating awareness among the
farming community and developing capacity of commercial banks through its
various training and awareness programmes.

Islamia University, Bahalwalpur Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Muhammad Mukhtar, who
was the chief guest at the inaugural session, appreciated SBP's initiative to
promote farmers' financial literacy and stressed the need to synergise the
efforts of all stakeholders to improve access to credit especially to the
agriculture sector. He said that the academia could play an important role in
improving credit culture and in creating awareness among the farming community.

SBP Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department Head Dr Saeed Ahmed said the
programme is aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about
agriculture financing products and services offered by banks, money management
techniques and lending procedures, documentations, etc.

Besides, it would also develop capacity of agriculture field officers of banks
in agriculture financing and synergise the efforts of all stakeholders including
policymakers, executing agencies, service providers and farming community to
improve access to agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional
initiatives and policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent
increase in the flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs 137.4 billion
in 2005-06 to Rs 263 billion in 2010-11.

However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging growth, the disbursement to
the agriculture sector was around 40 percent of the total estimated credit
requirements. SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to 70-80 percent
during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by adopting a
multi-pronged strategy, he added.

The inaugural session was followed by a technical session for the agricultural
credit staff of banks in which senior officials of SBP and HBL made detailed
presentations on dynamics of agriculture finance and related policies. The
purpose of this session was to train the agriculture finance officials of banks
enabling them to conduct farmers' financial literacy programs at their end and
to share the best practices in agriculture lending with the participants.

A farmers' session was also held to educate the farming community about the
products and services offered by financial institutions, their rights and duties
as customers of financial institutions, consumer protection as well as money
management skills to enable them to use their limited financial resources in a
prudent manner. This session was attended by a large gathering of farmers from
adjoining areas of Bahawalpur. The officials of SBP and senior management of HBL
present on the occasion responded to various queries raised by the local farming
community and apprised them about the future plans/initiatives for improving
access to agriculture finance.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            March 7, 2007 Wednesday
                                 VENICE EDITION

DEP plan for river bashed;
Critics say specific goals needed for Peace River

BYLINE: By KATE SPINNER kate.spinner@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BV1

LENGTH: 907 words


In the past two decades alone, more than 31,000 acres of wetlands along the
Peace River have disappeared, largely victim to phosphate mining, farming and
development.

State regulators, environmental groups and county leaders all agree that the
loss bodes poorly for the the river, a key source of water and eco-tourism in
Southwest Florida. But the parties differ on who is responsible for the damage
and how to fix it.

This week, the state Department of Environmental Protection released a
management plan that it said would better preserve the river and reverse the
damage done to it.

The DEP will present the plan to the Legislature this session, but will have to
come back next year for approval to put many of the recommendations in place.

The plan was immediately criticized by local government officials and
environmentalists, who said it will do little to protect the river.

"Only approximately 10 to 15 pages of the 100-page document appear to be things
that you could call management steps," said Charles Fletcher, a Tampa attorney
working to help Charlotte County protect Charlotte Harbor. "A management plan is
supposed to have certain quantifiable goals. That is not done here."

The Peace River begins near Bartow in Polk County and travels 100 miles to
Charlotte Harbor, the second largest estuary in Florida.

The river serves as the primary water source for Charlotte and Desoto counties
and also provides water to Sarasota County.

Fletcher said the study that preceded the management plan did a great job of
documenting dramatic losses in the basin: 343 miles of streams, 600,000 acres of
forests, huge decreases in fish populations, serious degradation of water
quality and severely reduced flow in the upper portions of the river.

But the management plan provides no tangible goals or deadlines for reversing
those loses or preventing them from continuing to occur, Fletcher said.

What it does offer is vague suggestions, such as:

* Buying more land along the Peace River, though no funding mechanism is
suggested.

* Evaluating whether phosphate mines need to be permitted differently.

* Examining environmental laws to find out how they allowed wetland loss between
1979 and 1999.

Rick Cantrell, a DEP official in the resource management division, said the plan
starts a process.

"It is not cast in stone," he said. "As we get more details we will change the
document as necessary."

Cantrell said the agency has to rely on the Legislature and the governor for
authority to act on many of the recommendations in the plan, which is why it
lacks specifics.

The DEP will likely review the plan and make changes every five years, Cantrell
said, although he does not expect to make any change within the year.

The Legislature ordered the DEP to create the plan in 2003, at a time when
Charlotte County was winning battles against the agency in court over the way it
issued phosphate mining permits.

Phosphate mining and intense agriculture are largely responsible for drying up
the small streams that once fed the river.

In recent years the river has gone dry near its headwaters and the harbor has
grown increasingly salty.

To reverse some of the old damage, the DEP suggests restoring forests and old
streams.

Also, the DEP will ask the Legislature to put back a trust fund that pays for
reclaiming old phosphate mines. The mines act as plugs in the landscape,
diverting water flow to the river. Reclamation would involve returning the
original water flow.

The DEP also sees the need to stop future stream and wetland losses. But first,
Cantrell said the agency needs to figure out how those losses are happening.

Cantrell said he does not believe any land use permitting in the watershed is
leading to wetlands loss today, but he said it's worth reviewing the laws in
place to make sure they are effective.

Jim Cooper, head of a regional environmental group called Protect our
Watersheds, said the plan's priority needs to focus on putting laws in place
that keep development, mining and agriculture from causing future harm to
Charlotte Harbor.

To achieve that, Cooper said there needs to be a lot of follow-up to the plan,
including money to form a committee that will make sure the plan doesn't gather
dust.

Otherwise, Cooper said, "It'll be like opening up a fortune cookie and reading
some good news."

RIVER RESTORATION RECOMMENDATIONS

Water and water quality

* Set a cap on the array of pollutants that the river can handle and fix the
streams and portions of the river that do not meet those standards.

* Set minimum flows and levels for the Peace River and craft a strategy to
restore the river to healthy flows.

* Monitor Shell and Prairie creeks to protect Punta Gorda's water supply and
develop similar plans in other tributaries of the Peace River.

Mines

* Evaluate combining permits for new mines with permits to reclaim the land when
mining is finished.

* Evaluate the permitting process to determine what's needed to minimize the
impact of mining or development projects on wetlands and natural resources.

* Ensure funding for reclaiming old mines that were dug before environmental
laws were put in place.

Land preservation

* Develop a plan to identify appropriate land in the Peace River basin and find
a funding source to pay for the land.

* Provide incentives for protection of land within the Peace River's 100-year
floodplain.

Government

* Encourage farmers to reduce strain on underground water sources by conserving
water and building reservoirs.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP
 STAFF MAP/ JACOB BENISON Land use in the Peace River watershed (Map available
on microfilm)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Another $12M put into Navigata

BYLINE: Keith Borkowsky, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 402  words


SaskTel gave money-losing subsidiary Navigata another $12 million on Thursday to
fund capital expenditures and put a successful business plan into place, said a
senior company official.

The need for more cash was expected, according to SaskTel chief financial
officer Randy Stephanson, who said the investment "will pay for future
operations."

"The $12 million is not going to fund retroactive losses," Stephanson said in a
phone interview.

Stephanson said other cost-savings have already taken place within the company,
which has lost $25 million over the past two years. Combined with a core group
of customers left over from when BC Rail owned the firm, the cost-savings could
lead to Navigata becoming "cash-flow positive by the third quarter."

Cash-flow positive means taking in more money than the company spends, not
necessarily that it is profitable.

SaskTel has claimed to be on the verge of turning the company around since 2003,
when it promised Navigata would turn a profit by 2004, said Saskatchewan Party
economic development critic Lyle Stewart. The Opposition party has not bought
into SaskTel's promises.

"Since SaskTel bought Navigata it has lost $1 million of Saskatchewan taxpayer
dollars a month, for a total of $25.1 million in losses," Stewart said. "Now,
this government and SaskTel are dumping another $12 million into Navigata, which
is enough to keep it afloat for another year. How do you justify that? This is a
British Columbia company ... that doesn't create one job in this province."

Stephanson said the Crown corporation's continued involvement in Navigata is
"core to and strategic to the ongoing growth (of SaskTel), particularly in
Western Canada."

But Stewart said: "If Navigata is key to SaskTel's business plan, we have deeper
problems, because Navigata has been a big-time loser."

SaskTel achieved $7.5 million in savings last year because it used Navigata to
negotiate better deals for products, Stephanson said. Owning Navigata gives
SaskTel the ability to cross-market services, such as voice-over-Internet
capabilities, in markets larger than Saskatchewan.

Stewart said those savings didn't make up for the losses Navigata has incurred.

"If it can be a benefit to Saskatchewan, I can't see why we couldn't have done
it in Saskatchewan.

"We certainly could have done it with less losses than what we've suffered
dealing with Navigata Communications of British Columbia," Stewart said.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 21, 1997, Tuesday, Final Edition

Clean Water and Chesapeake Bay

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 545 words


THE CLEAN Water Act, 25 years old this month, has been a great but limited
success. The water is cleaner, mainly because the government has done a good job
of regulating the pollution that flows from particular pipes -- that comes from
factories and sewage treatment plants, for example. The failure has been to get
at the rest of it, the generalized urban and rural runoff that is harder to
regulate, since it comes from countless smaller sources across entire
watersheds.

The act is weak with regard to this remaining pollution. It contains neither
regulatory authority to force its reduction nor dollars to induce it. The
politicians haven't wanted to vote for either one. In the last Congress, House
Republicans voted for a further weakening instead. The administration helped
defeat them, but until now has had little else to say on the subject.

Now, however, comes help from a new quarter. Yesterday's announcement with
regard to the Chesapeake Bay suggests the possibilities. The Agriculture
Department turns out to operate one of the government's largest conservation
programs. Called the conservation reserve, it was created in the 1980s when a
series of bumper crops had depressed commodity prices. The government was
looking for a way to idle land to prop them up. The reserve let it do so and
claim to be serving an environmental goal besides.

The department entered into 15-year contracts with volunteering farmers, paying
them to retire what was supposed to be highly erodible or otherwise
environmentally sensitive land. The good idea was loosely executed. In too many
cases, the government overpaid to retire normal land that was not that fragile.
The program, which was mainly confined to the Plains states, was hard to
distinguish from general aid to wheat farmers.

In the 1996 farm bill, such influential senators as Patrick Leahy and Richard
Lugar set out to tighten it, so that less would be paid and only for land whose
idling would produce environmental benefits. They sought as well to broaden the
range of such benefits; land could be idled not just to prevent erosion but to
do such things as protect the water supply by creating buffer strips to absorb
runoff. The bill was passed just as the original 1980s contracts were beginning
to expire. An area half again as large as Virginia was up for grabs; that's how
extensive this program is. The reforms were resisted by wheat belt senators and
congressmen who felt their constituents might lose as the money was spread
around more. In the end, though, the changes were kept in the bill; the
Chesapeake program is a result.

Funds will be used to create buffer strips to block runoff into streams leading
into the bay. It will be a far more concentrated effort than most previous uses
of the reserve. This is a major step; the responsible federal and state
officials as well as the advocacy groups that have fought for such use of the
money have all done well. The bay should be greatly helped; a new engine may
have been found for the clean water act as well. About a fourth of the money the
Agriculture Department now gives directly to farmers each year is for
conservation as opposed to the traditional purposes of price and income support.
What a change that represents.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             March 15, 1999 Monday
                                 State Edition

Easley says foundation is farmers' best hope

BYLINE: SCOTT MOONEYHAM Associated Press

SECTION: PIEDMONT; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 423 words


RALEIGH -- A little more than a month ago, Attorney General Mike Easley was
considered the champion of farmers after helping negotiate a settlement that
promised to rescue farming communities and another to directly aid tobacco
farmers.

A lot has changed since early February.

Since Easley crafted a court-approved consent decree that called for half of the
state's $4.6 billion share to go into a charitable foundation not controlled by
legislators, tobacco farmers have become disenchanted with the agreement.

Increasingly, farmers also worry that they will never see any money from a
separate $1.9 billion fund that is designed to help them cope with a 35 percent
reduction in the quota, which is the amount of tobacco they can grow.

With House Minority Leader Leo Daughtry, R-Johnston, taking up their cause,
farmers are now demanding half of the money from the first settlement.

Easley says the demand threatens to leave them with nothing.

``Without the foundation, I'm very much afraid the farmers and their communities
will get left on the curb,'' Easley said. ``Even if we are successful getting an
appropriation after the 2000 Census, I just don't have confidence the money will
be there to appropriate for agriculture in future years.''

Even so, farmer opposition has threatened to scuttle the consent decree and the
foundation concept supported by Easley and other top Democrats in the state,
including Gov. Jim Hunt and Agriculture Secretary Jim Graham.

A plan now pending before the General Assembly would conform to the consent
decree, pumping half of the $4.6 billion into the nonprofit foundation and the
remaining half into two trust funds to benefit farmers and tobacco industry
workers, and health care.

But the plan stalled in the House last week, with Republicans and a handful of
Democrats refusing to vote for it.

Today, Easley will go to Wake Superior Court seeking an extension to the
court-imposed deadline for reaching an agreement. Without an agreement or
extension, the proposal will die and all of the $4.6 billion will flow into a
fund controlled by the General Assembly.

Easley said Sunday that the six tobacco companies involved have agreed to an
extension of no more than 72 hours. With that agreement, he can ask a judge to
extend the deadline, he said.

``I'm much more optimistic now than I was last week when I received the request
for an extension,'' Easley said.

Without an agreement, the money goes to the general fund, which Easley believes
will be a disaster for farmers who are skeptical of his foundation plan.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 The Durham Herald Co.


                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 2, 1994, Wednesday, City Edition

MARKET TUMBLES

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 669 words



The Dow Jones industrial average lost 22.79 points Tuesday to 3,809.23.  Nation


Judge rejects suit in Blockbuster deal

   A Delaware judge on Tuesday rejected a request by Blockbuster Entertainment
Corp. shareholders for an emergency hearing to try to block the company's  $
1.25-billion infusion into Viacom Inc.

The decision came on the same day that Viacom's tender offer for Paramount
Communications Inc. was to expire. It was important because Viacom planned to
use the funds from Blockbuster to help pay for Paramount, the highly
sought-after entertainment and publishing conglomerate.

   MUTUAL FUNS STAY HOT. The mutual fund industry began 1994 where it left off
last year, attracting record inflows of money in January. Monthly statistics
from the Investment Company Institute, a trade group in Washington, showed net
cash flow of $ 32-billion into long-term stock and bond funds in January,
breaking the record of $ 31.4-billion set in December.  Tampa Bay/State

   SATURN DEALERSHIP TO EXPAND. Saturn of Clearwater, which owns the franchise
rights to sell Saturns in Pasco and Pinellas counties, is negotiating to lease
a former Oldsmobile dealership on U.S. 19 near State Road 52 site so it can
open Saturn of Pasco, said Mark Belviso, the dealerships' general manager. The
dealership is also looking for a site in St. Petersburg to start Saturn of St.
Petersburg.

   BYRONS TO OPEN IN TAMPA. Byrons, a Miami-based department store chain,  plans
to open its ninth Tampa Bay store in August. The company is taking over  space
in Tampa's Britton Plaza that previously housed a Belk Lindsey store.  The
store's first floor is being expanded by 10,000 square feet for the move,  but
the second floor will remain vacant.

CABLE TEST DELAYED. Time Warner Cable postponed a high-profile test of  advanced
two-way TV in Orlando from next month to at least October, a sign  that the
building of advanced electronic networks will take longer than  expected. Time
Warner Cable, the nation's second-largest cable operator, said  Tuesday it would
still meet its goal of reaching 4,000 Orlando homes by the  end of the year with
the test, dubbed the "Full Service Network."

   MOTH THREATENS CITRUS. The microscopic citrus leafminer has entrenched
itself throughout Florida's citrus belt, and scientists are working to head  off
serious economic losses to growers, according to the University of  Florida's
Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. The destructive  Oriental moth was
discovered in South Florida early last year and has spread  quickly. The pest
bores into leaves as they hatch and "mines" the leaves for  food.

   EVA-TONE CONTRACTS RENEWED. Eva-Tone Inc. of Clearwater has won renewed
contracts of $ 2-million and $ 176,406 from the Library of Congress for flexible

 disc magazines for the blind and handicapped. Using narrators, the company
records dozens of magazines, including Sports Illustrated, U.S. News & World
Report and Good Housekeeping, onto thin flexible discs that can be sent  through
the mail. The company has been providing this service for more than 20  years.

Best Mortgage Rate

  The best 30-year fixed mortgage rate in the Tampa Bay area as reported
Tuesday was 7.500 percent with 0 points offered by, among others, C & C
Financial (813) 287-2878, Richard Rahall Mortgage (813) 327-0899, and Action
Mortgage (813) 725-8888. The rate is based on a $ 100,000 purchase with a 5 to
10 percent down payment.  For additional mortgage rate information, see the
complete list of rates offered by area institutions in Saturday's Home &  Garden
section.  The information is supplied by National Financial News  Services in
West Chester, Pa.

DOW       30 INDUSTRIALS      3809.23   -22.79

DOLLAR    JAPANESE YEN        104.595   -0.005

YIELD     30-YEAR U.S. BOND   6.78     +0.13

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 30, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

Manure Management Mania

Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A11; THE FEDERAL PAGE; CAPITAL NOTEBOOK

LENGTH: 735 words


Cows do it, pigs do it, even chickens in their coops do it. In the old days you
could let it return to the earth from whence it came, but Earth has shown
recently that it can't handle the load.

For this reason, Congress has developed a new $ 200 million per year
Environmental Quality Incentives Program, another mellifluous bureaucratic
euphemism whose main focus, put simply, is manure.

Actually, as the U.S. Department of Agriculture warned in NRCS/RCA Issue Brief 7
of December 1995: "Words are Important!" And when the subject is you-know-what,
it's best to use a delicate touch.

"Understanding that a term's use implies a value, the agriculture sector can
replace the use of the word 'waste,' with 'manure,' 'residuals' or
'by-products,' " the issue brief said.

For this reason USDA prefers "manure" as its term of art, and the nation's
livestock do a volume business. USDA has studied this phenomenon in some detail
and has devised a measuring device known as an animal "unit," which is the
amount of manure that 1,000 pounds of friendly farm animal produces in a day.

Dairy cattle and chicken broilers top the list, with each 1,000-pound unit
making 80 pounds in daily "residuals." It takes a lot of broilers (which weigh 4
to 5 pounds each) to make a unit, but less than one 1,400-pound dairy cow.

Hogs and pigs tied for third with 63.1 pounds, followed by laying chickens (60.5
pounds), beef cattle (59.1 pounds) and turkeys (43.6 pounds). The issue brief
did not specifically address the production anomalies between different types of
cattle and fowl, but noted:

"Manure production and characteristics have changed over time. Livestock tend to
be larger and thus produce more manure." Dairy cows are bigger than beef cattle,
and broilers are bigger than layers, hence, perhaps, more manure. Turkeys, like
Volkswagens, apparently are more efficient.

Anyway, it's been a long time since John Wayne drove thousands of cattle across
the prairie, letting the chips fall where they may. These days livestock are
often "fed out" in confinement, and farmers spend a lot of time and money
keeping manure from running off into the local reservoir during a thunderstorm.

This is what prompted the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, included in
the farm bill recently passed by Congress and signed by President Clinton. The
deal is this: Beginning in October and lasting until 2002, the government will
provide $ 200 million per year to help farmers and feedlot owners develop water
quality plans, emphasis on manure.

At least half the money, and perhaps more, must be spent on livestock
management, with the rest going to farmers to help them control runoff from
manure and pesticide-treated crops.

In the early days of the legislation, environmental advocates charged that EQIP
(pronounced "equip" in farmspeak) was simply a giveaway to feedlot owners with
big problems. They're still not pleased, but USDA is now expected to give some
of the money to small farmers.

Under EQIP, producers can get up to $ 10,000 per year and no more than $ 50,000
total. If they need more money, they have to get help from state or local
government or pay for it themselves.

So what do you get for this? The key, according to Tom Weber, deputy chief for
natural resource conservation programs for USDA's Natural Resources Conservation
Service, is to remember that manure is good.

"Nitrogen is a principal nutrient for crop growth, and so is phosphorus," Weber
said. Manure has lots of both. So the idea is to use it for fertilizer, and,
Weber added, "if managed correctly," it can all be used. End of problem.

Under EQIP, which consolidates four programs, USDA will help farmers and feedlot
owners develop the manure management system that works for them. Without going
into the grim details, this entails such things as collection, storage, pumping
and application.

USDA is big on such things as concrete lagoons, horizontal stop logs, gravity
flow pipes, clean water diversion, tank wagons and big gun irrigation
sprinklers. "Most farmers use a combination of methods," Weber said.

USDA is also trying to interest farmers in recovering the methane gas that
emanates unpleasantly from manure, and the issue brief notes that an unnamed
western pig farmer has saved $ 36,000 per year by using manure methane to
generate electricity. He's cooking with "on-farm biogas."


LOAD-DATE: May 01, 1996April 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, d'angelo

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

State senator wades into Gila River fight with bill to slow diversion, focus on
conservation

BYLINE: By Staci Matlock The New Mexican

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1274 words


SANTA FE >> Southwestern New Mexico has a potential new water supply, a rare
treasure in this dry state. But tapping into the resource means diverting the
Gila River, the last free-flowing river in the state.

Under a 2004 settlement agreement with Arizona, New Mexico has rights to some
14,000 acre-feet of water from the Gila and one of its tributaries. The deadline
for deciding what to do with the water is at the end of this year. If New Mexico
doesn't use it, the water will keep flowing down the river into Arizona, and the
state will forgo millions of dollars in federal funds available for construction
of a diversion project.

The region's farmers want the diversion project as a backup, but
conservationists and sportsmen say dams or diversions would harm wildlife and
the outdoor recreation that feeds the area's economy.

Estevan Lopez, director of the New Mexico Interstate Stream Commission, thinks
conserving the river and diverting it aren't mutually exclusive. "There are ways
of finding synergy that can benefit the environment," he said.

For a decade, people and agencies on both sides of the Gila issue have haggled
other over what to do. Now they're running out of time.

Two state senators are sponsoring bills in the current legislative session to
address the Gila River basin dilemma. Senate Bill 89, sponsored by Sen. Peter
Wirth, D-Santa Fe, requires the Interstate Stream Commission to spend a chunk of
the federal dollars available under the agreement to boost water supplies in the
region by conserving water, reusing effluent, practicing conservation
agriculture and restoring watersheds. Wirth said the projects can serve as a
conservation road map for other water-strapped communities in the state.

"These are low-hanging fruit that every part of the state, municipalities and
agriculture should look at," Wirth said.

Wirth also prefiled SB 90, a bill that requires the commission to secure all
funding for a river diversion before seeking approval for the project from the
secretary of the U.S. Department of the Interior.

"When I look at the costs and benefits, doing the non-diversion projects first
absolutely makes sense," Wirth said. "Then, before we take that last step about
diversion, let's be darn sure all the money is there."

Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City, signed on as a co-sponsor of the bills last
week. The Gila River "draws in visitors and residents that support our local
economy," Morales said in a prepared statement. "If we divert and transfer a
significant amount of Gila water to other parts of the state for urban
development, the economic and ecologic health of my district would be
jeopardized now and in the future."Tapping a river

The Gila River, a tributary of the Colorado River, begins in New Mexico's Gila
National Forest and is fed by a couple of rivers in Arizona. It flows unimpeded
south and west before emptying into Arizona.

Under the 2004 Arizona Water Settlements Act, New Mexico can harvest 14,000
acre-feet of water a year from the Gila River and the San Francisco River, a
tributary, as long as the water rights of downstream users aren't affected. The
Interstate Stream Commission has until December to tell the secretary of
Interior what the state is going to do.

If New Mexico builds a diversion and stores the water, that water can't be sold
or leased anywhere outside the state.

Under the settlement, the federal government will give the state $66 million to
use on any water resource development projects, including conservation in the
Gila Basin. In addition, the state might be eligible for $62 million more if it
develops a river diversion and storage system. Both of those figures are in 2004
dollars. In 2014 dollars, the total amount would be more, but still only half
the estimated cost of building a diversion, which is recommended by the
engineering firm hired by the Interstate Stream Commission to analyze options.

"It doesn't make economic sense to go down that road when we don't have even 50
percent of the funds in place yet," Wirth said.

Farmers, environmentalists, the general public and municipal, state and federal
officials began meeting more than a decade ago, before the settlement was
signed, to work out a plan. More than 200 meetings later, the Interstate Stream
Commission settled on 16 potential projects in the Gila Basin -- from municipal
water conservation to river diversions.

The commission's staff and contractors are trying to finish a plethora of
studies on how the projects would impact the region's hydrology, economy,
ecology and cultural resources. The commission will propose a plan for the Gila
River in August to give the public time to comment, and it will make a final
decision in November.Debating diversion

Wirth came to the Legislature in 2004, the same year the Arizona Water
Settlements Act was signed. He's been a member of the interim Water and Natural
Resources Committee every year and has watched the Gila River struggle. "We've
been briefed every year by the (Interstate Steam Commission) about the options,"
he said. "The reason I agreed to sponsor these bills is because I think this is
about way more than the Gila."

"The state already has huge water infrastructure needs and monetary obligations
under existing water settlements," Wirth said. "Here is a chance to focus these
federal dollars in the Gila on water conservation, efficiency improvements and
watershed restoration projects without any cost to state taxpayers. Not only is
this a great road map for addressing New Mexico's water supply issues in the
rest of the state, it does not have us embarking on costly engineering projects
that move relatively small amounts of water."

Lopez said any diversion on the river would not be a water-holding dam. It could
be constructed to allow water flows to continue past a barrier and would only
divert water periodically from the river when flows are high.

"My staff is being painted as pro-diversion," he said. "In my mind, we are
trying to keep the diversion on the table as an option. Some people would like
to take the diversion option off the table."

Lopez thinks the two Senate bills are designed to constrain the diversion
option.

"These two bills are not saying, per se, that the diversion can't happen," Wirth
said. "The first bill is simply saying let's use $82 million as a pilot for the
rest of the state to show what can happen through conservation. The second says
before [the Interstate Stream Commission] makes a decision that binds us to a
dam, let's make darn sure where the rest of the money is coming from, so
taxpayers are not on the hook."

M.H. Dutch Salmon, a Silver City businessman, sportsman and former state game
commissioner, opposes any form of diversion on the river. "We're pretty
universally against it," Salmon said of residents he knows in the area.

The nonprofit groups New Mexico Wildlife Federation and Trout Unlimited also
oppose the river diversion, saying it will harm wildlife and outdoor recreation,
which are important to the region's economy.

Salmon, who is chairman of the nonprofit Gila Conservation Coalition, said this
is just the latest attempt to dam the river. He said there were dams proposed on
the Gila in the 1970s and 1980s.

Salmon said the proposed location for the diversion is a roadless area prized by
outdoors enthusiasts for its unscathed landscape and unblocked wild river. The
diversion would require a large pipe or canal to move the water. "Even if it is
only an occasional diversion, it would still be a major construction project in
a pristine area," he said.

Contact Staci Matlock at 505-986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                           September 23, 2011 Friday

Aussenkehr's Farmers - Out and Back Into Poverty [analysis]

BYLINE: Christof Maletsky

LENGTH: 744  words


LET us not beat about the bush here.

The issue is not whether the small-scale farmers at Aussenkehr's State-owned
Orange River Irrigation Project (ORIP) have failed. That is not what brought
about steps to evict them. It is all about their resistance to being manipulated
and hoodwinked into enriching a small group of individuals based in the offices
of the Agriculture Ministry.

The grape farmers owe more than N$3 million to Agribank and Coolfresh - a
service provider appointed by the Government to help the people produce and
market their products abroad.

Coolfresh was appointed in 2009 by the Ministry of Agriculture after the
previous service provider reportedly mismanaged the marketing of the grapes
produced by the small-scale farmers.

Because of the mismanagement, the small-scale farmers were reportedly N$2,5
million in the red at Agribank and Coolfresh agreed to pay off that debt before
taking over as service provider.

Coolfresh reportedly paid a total of N$1,5 million in June last year towards a
portion of each farmer's debt but the remaining N$1 million was not paid over.

Coolfresh claimed the farmers violated their agreement with them and they could
not continue to pay their debts.

According to the agreement the farmers were supposed to market their produce
through Coolfresh alone. The ORIP farmers have reasons for bypassing the
Dutch-owned Coolfresh. They claim the service provider is impoverishing them and
monopolising their farming.

Coolfresh International reportedly discontinued the N$4 000 a month the farmers
used to receive as part of their "advance payment" on their profits, but were
still expected to pay for and use the services from Coolfresh Namibia, who asked
for a five per cent surcharge on all services provided to the farmers.

They also accuse Coolfresh Namibia of keeping them in the dark on the
particulars of their financial status, only providing basic forms stating income
and expenditure, while leaving the farmers at the mercy of Coolfresh's business
decisions.

Coolfresh said they withdrew monthly payments from the farmers when they
breached the contract by selling dates to another buyer.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Coolfresh subsequently came up with a tripartite
agreement (which, by the way, the Ministry negotiated on behalf of the farmers
instead of they themselves). The agreement gave total control of the farmers'
cash flow and business decisions to Coolfresh.

This means that the farmers who were empowered are now being disempowered.

This after Coolfresh was given the right to market their produce and failed to
lift the people out of poverty.

As the new tripartite agreement stands now, it will only benefit Coolfresh and
Agribank, whose debts will be paid off.

The farmers, however, claim that Coolfresh also owes them money for their
produce and the Ministry of Agriculture is not moving an inch to help them
recover those funds but instead hammers them for not paying Coolfresh and
Agribank.

How can Coolfresh run the business side of ORIP while the farmers are supposed
to take responsibility for their accounts? Why should Agribank threaten them
when they know very well that Coolfresh takes all their profit and gives them
peanuts as change. Their destiny is not in their own hands.

The big question thus is: to whose benefit is the Coolfresh deal? Why is
Coolfresh claiming that the farmers are under training while the Ministry
officials like Permanent Secretary Andrew Ndishishi regard them as masters of
their own destiny? A debt of N$3 million among 20 farmers amounts to around
N$150 000 which each one of them owes.

I am sure Agribank is owed bigger debts than that and Government has lost
millions without taking such drastic steps against others.

While Ndishishi was at Trade as PS, N$100 million vanished without trace but
nothing happened to call for his suspension.

I am not arguing that people who accumulate debts should not be traced and held
accountable. No.

But nobody should be more equal than others and someone needs to start standing
up for the rights of the farmers.

The group are just demanding their due on the basis that their produce is worth
what they sell it for.

But people like Ndishishi, a regular at the election results centre after every
five years with a brief hardly anybody knows about, are busy destroying the
exact purposes for which ORIP was established the empowerment of the people.

The end result of such action is the promotion of the growing unemployment
problem.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Columbia Daily Tribune (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 22, 2007 Thursday

Lawmaker's investment causes flap: Policy excludes area fuel plant from state
incentives program.

BYLINE: Related Stories On Page 7b Jason Rosenbaum, Columbia Daily Tribune, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Feb. 22--JEFFERSON CITY -- When it comes to deciding which ethanol and biodiesel
plants can receive low-interest loans as part of a state incentive program,
Missouri Treasurer Sarah Steelman is taking a hard line.

If the plant includes investors who are state government officeholders, forget
it. Steelman, who is in charge of the state's "linked-deposit" incentive
program, said she's trying to avoid conflicts of interest.

"I'm charged with protecting taxpayer dollars and making sure that they're
invested wisely," Steelman said, "and I think it's wrong that an elected
official or a legislator would receive a benefit of a linked-deposit loan while
they're currently in their office or the legislature."

The policy isn't going over well with some officeholder investors, such as Rep.
Steve Hobbs, a Mexico, Mo., Republican who owns a small stake in an ethanol
plant in Laddonia.

"It's just beyond me," Hobbs said. "Every other part of our society praises
experts involved in issues."

Using Steelman's logic, Hobbs said, no government official in Washington, D.C.,
who's also a farmer should be able to have anything to do with agriculture
policy because of all the federal money that flows into agriculture.

Under the state's BIG Missouri Linked-Deposit Program, the treasurer deposits
money in local banks at a below-market interest rates, and the banks pass the
savings along to qualifying businesses in the form of low-interest loans.

In 2005, state lawmakers added money to the incentive program and made
alternative fuel plants eligible.

Steelman explained her conflict-of-interest policy in letters to Hobbs and
Agriculture Secretary Fred Ferrell, both of whom had inquired about it. Ferrell
also is an investor in an ethanol plant.

"Clearly we are interested in helping the farming community through our
linked-deposit program," Steelman wrote. "However, I will continue to stand by
my position of ensuring that no linked deposit personally benefit an elected
official, whether it is a legislator or a statewide elected official. I believe
it is wrong. It is my responsibility to ensure that the public trust to the
taxpayers of this state is upheld."

Steelman said the plants would be eligible for linked-deposit loans if the state
lawmakers sold their stakes.

Hobbs has a quarter-interest in a $15,000 share his family owns in the Laddonia
plant and said he invested because backers of the plant wanted prominent
community members involved. He said he tried to sell his investment, but plant
officials told him it was critical to have leaders on the board of directors.

"Here's the even greater problem: If you're looking for people to run for
elective office, who do you go talk to? You talk to community leaders," Hobbs
said. "And in" agricultural areas, "our community leaders are people involved in
ethanol plants."

But state Rep. Terry Witte, D-Vandalia, who holds a $20,000 stake in the same
plant, agreed with Steelman's decision. Except for a committee vote mandating
that gasoline sold in Missouri contain 10 percent ethanol -- which he now
regrets voting on -- Witte said that he routinely abstains from voting on
legislation that affects the Laddonia plant. "I appreciate the treasurer's stand
on this; I understand it," Witte said. "I want to see the plant succeed. And if
I have to, I will divest my investment in that plant."

David Webber, a professor of political science at the University of
Missouri-Columbia, said there are other places in state government besides
agriculture where there's potential for a conflict of interest.

"I bet it is a double standard. I bet they haven't enforced that before," Webber
said. "Should they? I believe they should. I think good public policy is seldom
made when there's a conflict of interest."

Webber added there are more examples in legislative politics -- such as
lawmakers who work for an insurance company writing insurance bills -- that are
reasons for concern. But, he added, "a little progress is better than none."

"As a matter of principle, I don't want individual politicians to increase their
financial well-being through public policy," he said.

Copyright (c) 2007, Columbia Daily Tribune, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070222-CD-0222-Lawmaker-s-investment-causes-flap

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                     Copyright 2007 Columbia Daily Tribune


                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Calvert to meet Harper today

BYLINE: Veronica Rhodes, The Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 397  words


Equalization, agriculture and aboriginal issues are on Premier Lorne Calvert's
agenda as he heads into his first one-on-one meeting with Prime Minister Stephen
Harper today.

Calvert said equalization will be the first order of business, which is an issue
he believes Harper has made a clear commitment to. The prime minister has
previously stated that a new equalization formula should exclude all
non-renewable resource revenues for all provinces, which is in line with the
Saskatchewan Energy Accord Calvert wanted.

The premier said he would like to come out of the meeting with a clear
understanding of when any changes to the equalization formula may occur.

"I intend to endeavour to focus around the question of timing. When can we
expect fulfilment of the commitment that has been made by the prime minister and
by the federal government. I'll be trying to focus in on timing and what we're
going to see unfold," Calvert told reporters Wednesday.

The premier left for Ottawa Wednesday night and will return to Regina following
the afternoon meeting today.

Another priority for Calvert is to discuss the commitment the Conservatives made
during the election to add $500 million to the base funding for agriculture. He
said Saskatchewan's share should be $200 million, which is the same amount
provincial Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman had asked for when he met with the
federal agriculture minister earlier this week.

"It is my understanding from press reports and from reports by the minister of
agriculture that the federal minister was unable, according to himself, and was
unauthorized, according to himself, to make that commitment," said Calvert.

"I hope I'm speaking tomorrow to the individual who will have the authority to
say yes. The producers in Canada, particularly in Saskatchewan and the West are
facing some very difficult times and we need to see that money flow this spring
to help with spring seeding."

The money is needed to deal with the net farm income that is predicted to be
minus $200 million this year, he added.

Calvert will also be seeking assurances regarding timelines for residential
school payments, as well as the Kelowna Accord on First Nations and Metis
issues. The province's position on early learning and child care is expected to
be discussed, with Calvert seeking an extension of the program that was brought
in by the previous Liberal government.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            November 11, 2007 Sunday

Cider flows freely with fall apple harvest

BYLINE: Bob Karlovits

LENGTH: 2460 words


Apple cider is at the core of autumnal refreshment.

"This is the best time for cider," says Bobby Trax, one of the owners of Trax
Farms in Finleyville, Washington County. "You just have the greatest selection
of apples right now, and that creates great cider."

He and Larry Voll, cider maker at Soergel's Orchards in Franklin Park, agree
cider can be a year-round drink, but the freshness of apples in the fall makes
the drink a seasonal treat that can take the edge off leaf-raking.

But there's more to cider than simply a murky golden fluid in a glass. It can be
flavored any number of ways for a simple variation. It also can add a new taste
to pork, sweet potatoes and other foods.

That helps to maintain cider's popularity, which is seen as an "economically
viable" business by 66 percent of cider pressers and retailers who responded to
a survey by the Pennsylvania Association of Sustainable Agriculture.

Even at that, pressers such as Trax say "there is no money in growing cider
apples."

Trax says he buys 80 percent of the apples he uses to make 100,000 gallons of
cider a year. That is because cider apples are the small, inferior specimens
that are just not at home in an impressive bushel.

Voll could not estimate the number of apples he buys for cider, but agreed with
Trax that it is a necessary part of the job. He produces about 40,000 gallons a
year under the Soergel name and about 30,000 gallons for three other retailers.

The apples are washed and ground to a mash with the seeds included and then
pressed. After the pressing process, the substance is strained to remove any
solids.

Fall, obviously, is the peak cider period because of the harvest of the fruit,
the two producers say. Nearly every apple is readily available in this area or
elsewhere in the state, which is the fourth largest apple producer in the
nation, says Karin Rodriguez, director of the Pennsylvania Apple Marketing
Board.

That helps make a blend that changes in flavor all the time.

"We use practically everything," Trax says. "Red, gold, Stamen, Cortland. The
only thing we don't use in cider is Macintosh. (We) just don't like them in
cider."

Voll says he has no specific recipe. He does, however, insist there are three
kinds of apples in any pressing.

That sort of approach in a big apple state will produce a steady flow of cider.
Rodriguez says Pennsylvania produces 10 billion to 12 billion bushels of apples
a year. Martha Melton of the state Department of Agriculture estimates there are
124 pressers in the state.

The sustainable agriculture group, which made an effort to find small to
mid-size pressers that might have been overlooked, suggested there could be 123
more.

The amount of apples also makes it possible to make cider nearly all the time,
Voll says. He says he usually runs out of apples toward the end of June.

"That creates a two-month period to help create a taste for the next crop of
apples," he says.

Federal pasteurization regulations help create a product that can be kept
longer. Luke LaBorde, an associate professor of food science at Penn State
University in State College, explains ciders sold directly from producer to
consumers don't need to be pasteurized.

But if a second retailer is involved, they must. Those ciders will have a label,
he says, which lets consumers know they can be kept longer.

It also is possible to store cider by freezing. It doesn't harm it or change the
taste much, but it is necessary to shake it after it has thawed to combine all
the elements. Freezing will cause some separation between the lighter, liquid
part of cider and the thicker portion with more of the fruit elements.

Voll also points out that the freezing process will create a little more
moisture in the thawed cider -- another reason for shaking.

It is all part of a sometimes underappreciated part of Western Pennsylvania
agriculture.

"Apples do well in our climate and in the soil here," Trax says. "This isn't
Adams County, but we do OK."

Pork Chops in Cider Cream Sauce

The crunchy bits of meat left in the pan add a caramel color to the creamy and
delectable sauce.

o 4 boneless pork chops, 1 inch thick

o 2 tablespoons olive oil

o 2/3 cup unfiltered apple cider

o 1/2 cup dry white wine

o 1/2 cup heavy cream

o 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage

o 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard

o Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, to taste

Sprinkle pork chops with coarsely ground pepper and salt.

Heat oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium-high heat until just smoking.
Brown the pork chops on the first side, for about 3 minutes. Flip the chops and
reduce the heat to medium, and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer to a clean plate.

Discard the oil from the pan and lightly wipe out the skillet with a paper
towel, leaving the brown bits intact. Add the remaining ingredients to the pan,
whisking in the brown bits, and boil until reduced by half, for 3 to 5 minutes.

Reduce heat and return the pork chops to the pan to heat and continue cooking,
for about 5 minutes.

Move the pork chops to a clean plate. Whisk the sauce, adjust the seasoning, and
boil to thicken, if needed. Pour over the pork chops.

Makes 4 servings.

Sugar & Spice Martini

This seasonal cocktail is from Martin Miller's gin.

o 2 ounces gin

o 2 ounces apple cider

o 3/4 ounce fresh orange juice

o Splash of brown sugar simple syrup

Shake with ice. Serve in martini glass rimmed with a mixture of cinnamon and
superfine sugar.

Chicken Scaloppine With Apples in Apple Cider Sauce

This is a wonderfully simple and flavorful fall dish from the Los Angeles Times
in which everything cooks in the same pan -- in about 30 minutes.

o 2 to 3 tablespoons mild olive oil or vegetable oil

o 1/2 cup cornstarch

o 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, either
thin-cut or pounded into thin cutlets

o Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste

o 3/4 cup apple cider

o 3/4 cup low-sodium chicken broth

o 2 medium crisp apples, such as Granny Smith, Jonathan or Cortland, peeled,
cored and cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices

o 1 small onion, thinly sliced (about 1 cup)

o 1 tablespoon unsalted butter

Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large saute pan or skillet over medium-high
heat.

While the oil is heating, spread the cornstarch out on a large plate. Sprinkle
the chicken cutlets with salt and pepper to taste, then coat both sides of the
cutlets with the cornstarch, shaking off any excess. Place the chicken in the
pan or skillet, being careful not to crowd the pieces. Cook for about 2 minutes,
until lightly browned on one side, then turn over and cook for about 2 minutes
on the second side. Transfer the browned pieces to a plate. Repeat with the
remaining chicken cutlets, adding oil as needed.

Combine the apple cider and chicken broth in a measuring cup. With the pan or
skillet over medium-high heat, add the apple and onion slices and about 1/3 cup
of the cider-broth mixture. Cook for 2 minutes, stirring and scraping the
browned bits off the bottom of the pan or skillet; allow the liquid to
evaporate. Add the butter, stirring to combine, then reduce the heat to medium.
Cook for about 10 minutes, until the apple and onion slices are tender. Add the
remaining cider-broth mixture, and return the chicken to the pan or skillet.
Make sure all the chicken is coated with some of the cooking liquid and the
apples and onions.

Cover, leaving the lid slightly ajar; increase the heat to medium-high so the
liquid comes to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-low so the liquid just
bubbles at the edges. Cook for 5 minutes; the sauce will thicken slightly, and
the chicken should be cooked through. Taste, and add salt and pepper as needed.
To serve, spoon the apple-onion mixture over the cutlets.

Makes 4 servings.

Apple and Sausage Risotto

Crisp, tart apples have a subtle sweetness that makes them easy to fit into
savory recipes. Here, diced apples are cooked with mild sausage to make the base
for a hearty risotto, perfect for the cooler nights ahead. The risotto takes
about 40 minutes to prepare. The recipe comes from the Los Angeles Times.

o 3 1/2 cups low-sodium chicken broth

o 1 tablespoon mild olive oil or vegetable oil

o 8 ounces mild sausage, casings removed

o 1 small onion, cut into 1/4- to 1/2-inch dice (about 1 cup)

o 2 medium crisp apples, such as Granny Smith, Jonathan or Cortland, peeled,
cored and cut into 1/4- to 1/2-inch dice

o 1 cup Arborio or other risotto-style rice

o 1/2 to 1 cup warm apple cider, as needed

o 1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese

In a medium saucepan over medium-high heat, heat the chicken broth just until it
comes to a boil, then reduce the heat to low to keep the broth warm.

While the chicken broth is heating, heat the oil in a large (at least 4-quart)
pot over medium-high heat. Add the sausage, breaking it up with a spoon. Cook
for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring, until the sausage has lost its raw look and is
starting to brown. Add the onion and apples, and cook for 7 to 8 minutes,
stirring occasionally, until they soften and start to take on color. Add the
rice, stirring to combine. Add 1 cup of the warm chicken broth, and stir
continuously until the liquid is almost fully absorbed; then add the broth 1/2
cup at a time, stirring continuously and allowing the liquid to be absorbed each
time before adding more.

When all the broth has been incorporated, add 1/2 cup of the apple cider. When
that is absorbed, taste the rice for doneness. If it is still too firm, add the
remaining 1/2 cup of cider. When the risotto looks creamy and the rice is
slightly firm to the bite, it's done.

Remove from the heat and add the Parmesan, stirring just to combine. Serve
immediately.

Makes 4 to 6 servings.

Chicken With Apples, Cider and Calvados

This traditional entree from Normandy, France, features a creamy sauce enhanced
with dry cider and apple brandy and a garnish of sauteed apples. Make it with
tart apples, such as Granny Smith, with tart-sweet apples, such as Braeburn, or
with sweet Golden Delicious apples. It works with fresh noodles or rice pilaf
and lightly cooked green beans. The recipe comes from Tribune Media.

o 2 1/2 pounds chicken pieces, patted dry

o Salt and freshly ground white pepper

o 1 tablespoon vegetable oil

o 5 tablespoons butter, divided

o 3 medium-size apples, divided

o 1 cup hard cider

o 1/2 cup chicken broth or water

o 3 tablespoons Calvados (apple brandy), divided

o 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour

o 1/3 cup creme fraiche or heavy whipping cream

Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the oil and 1 tablespoon butter
in a large, deep, heavy skillet. Add enough chicken pieces to make one layer,
and brown on all sides over medium heat. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the
remaining pieces.

Peel and dice 1 apple. Return the chicken pieces to the pan and add any juices
from the plate. Add the cider, the broth or water, the diced apple and 2
tablespoons Calvados, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover and cook
until the pieces are tender when pierced with a knife, for about 40 minutes.

While the chicken is cooking, peel the remaining apples and cut each in 8
wedges. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet. Add the apple wedges and saute
over medium-high heat until lightly browned on both sides and just tender, for
about 7 minutes. Remove from heat.

When the chicken is tender, remove the pieces to an oven-proof platter. Arrange
apple wedges around the chicken, cover the platter and keep warm in a 275-degree
oven. Skim excess fat from the chicken cooking liquid. Strain the liquid,
pressing on the apple pieces.

Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a medium, heavy saucepan over low
heat. Whisk in flour. Cook, whisking constantly, until mixture turns a light
beige color, for about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat. Gradually pour the
chicken cooking liquid into the flour mixture, whisking. Bring to a boil over
medium-high heat, whisking constantly. Simmer uncovered over medium-low heat,
whisking often, for 5 minutes.

Add the creme fraiche or whipping cream to the sauce, whisking, and bring to a
boil. Simmer over medium heat, whisking often, until thickened slightly, for
about 2 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon Calvados. Taste and adjust the
seasoning. To serve, spoon the sauce over the chicken but not over the apples.

Makes 4 servings.

Spiced Apple Tea

This recipe is from the U.S. Apple Association.

o 1 quart boiling water

o 3 tea bags

o 1/4 cup granulated sugar

o 2 cups apple cider

o 6 cinnamon sticks

Add the tea bags to the boiling water. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove
the tea bags. Stir in the sugar until dissolved. Add the apple juice and reheat.
Pour into the mugs. Add a stick of cinnamon to each.

Makes 6 servings.

Cider-Baked Chicken and Sausage

The sweet-tart flavor of apple cider is used as a marinade for this hearty dish.
Prepare the marinade in the morning, place in the refrigerator, and it will be
ready to pop in the oven when you get home from work. This recipe is from the
U.S. Apple Association.

o 1 large onion, cut into eighths

o 1 large lemon, sliced into rounds

o 2 cups apple cider

o 1/4 cup olive oil

o 1/4 cup chopped fresh sage, plus more for garnish

o 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar

o 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard

o 2 bay leaves

o 1/2 teaspoon salt

{ 1/2} teaspoon freshly ground black pepper

o 2 chicken legs

o 4 chicken thighs

o 1 12-ounce package chicken-apple sausage

o 2 large apples, each sliced into eighths

o 1 pound small, red-skinned potatoes, halved

Place a gallon-size, heavy-duty zip-top bag into a large bowl. Place the onion
and next 9 ingredients into the zip-top bag, combining well. Add the chicken and
sausage to the marinade. Close the bag, and place in the refrigerator to
marinate for at least 4 hours or up to 24 hours.

Heat the oven to 450 degrees. Arrange the chicken pieces in a large roasting
pan, skin side up. Pour all of the marinade, including the onions and lemons,
over and around the pieces. Tuck the sausages, apples and potatoes around the
chicken. Cook for 1 hour and 15 minutes, turning the sausages half way through
to cook evenly. Arrange the chicken, sausages and potatoes on a platter and
sprinkle with chopped sage.

Makes 7 servings.

Cider Vinaigrette

This recipe from Gourmet magazine is a fine dressing for an autumn salad.

o 1 cup unfiltered apple cider

o 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots

o 2 tablespoons cider vinegar

o 2 teaspoons grainy mustard

o 1/3 cup olive oil

o 1/4 teaspoon salt

o 1/4 teaspoon pepper

Boil cider in a small heavy saucepan until reduced to about 1/3 cup, for 12 to
15 minutes. Whisk together the reduced cider, shallots, vinegar and mustard with
salt and pepper. Add the oil in a slow stream, whisking until combined.

Makes about 3/4 cup.

-- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  September 03, 1999 Friday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Pasta plant payments cause wheat board split: Co-op members want to change how
money pooled

BYLINE: Ian McKinnon

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY - Discussions today in Regina over a proposed pasta plant in
Saskatchewan highlight fissures running through the Canadian grain industry,
with backers claiming the Canadian Wheat Board is stifling innovations that will
boost incomes for farmers.

CWB officials say mill advocates are trying to gain at the expense of most
farmers by altering the way money goes into pooled accounts.

The controversy centres on Prairie Pasta Producers, a group of about 700 farmers
from Saskatchewan, Manitoba, North Dakota and Montana. It is proposing to build
a $120-million durum mill and pasta plant at Weyburn, Sask., generating up to
100 jobs and $15-million in added annual revenue for farmers.

'We're not a group out to bash the Canadian Wheat Board or to hurt the Canadian
Wheat Board,' said Allan Brigden, a farmer from Kisbey, Sask., who co-chairs
PPP. 'We're not asking for something totally out of the question. We're just
asking to try to bring some of the money back to the producer from the consumer
to make agriculture more sustainable.'

The CWB's objection stems from PPP's desire to change the way money flows into
pool accounts shared by all farmers, said Earl Geddes, a program manager with
the federal marketer, which has a monopoly on grain exports.

Both domestic and foreign sales are aggregated in pooled accounts but PPP wants
to separate sales it makes on behalf of members, he said. This means the
benefits of high domestic durum prices would not flow to all shippers. 'If we're
going to get into a processing plant in Canada that processes wheat, durum or
malting barley, it has to stand on its own merits. It should not be anticipating
on getting a break from the Canadian Wheat Board,' he said.

Complicating the debate is PPP's status as a new generation co-operative,
meaning members invest their own money in return for gaining exclusive access to
the mill and any money made from turning durum into more valuable pasta. The CWB
recently adopted some changes for new-generation co-ops. The amendments give
farmers a better price than delivering to the CWB's regular system, but Mr.
Brigden said the changes do not go far enough. 'With the abolishment of the Crow
[freight rate subsidy in 1995] we were all led to believe that value-added
processing would be the next step but it hasn't happened. We're trying to make
it happen.'

Rather than relying on the CWB, the new co-ops should ask provincial and federal
governments for capital gains incentives and tax breaks like those found in the
United States for similar ventures, Mr. Geddes said.

Don Dewar, president of Keystone Agricultural Producers, Manitoba's provincial
farm group, which is co-hosting the discussions, hopes a compromise can be
reached that allows new co-ops to go ahead.

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Burnside council eying another water hike

BYLINE: Chris Harris, Commonwealth Journal, Somerset, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 735 words


July 12--BURNSIDE -- Would convincing Burnside water customers to accept another
price increase so soon after the last one be little more than a pipe dream?

That's the concern of Burnside City Councilors upon learning that getting the
money necessary to repair the town's water pipes could mean another rate hike.

Joe Grider of Frankfort-based HMB Professional Engineers stopped by Monday's
Burnside City Council meeting to update the council on the funding options for
the potential project.

He noted that the older cast-iron pipes, typically six or four inches in
diameter, develop deposits on the inside over time, restricting the flow of
water.

He said that some pipes recently dug up by engineers have shown roughly two
inches of space through which water can flow.

The streets on which these pipes would need to be replace include East Lakeshore
Drive, Highland Drive, Childers Drive, Oak Street, Elm Street, and Walnut
Street.

Grider said that the state agency known as the Kentucky Infrastructure Authority
has issued a list of projects to potentially be funded.

Unfortunately for Burnside, there's only enough money available to fund about 15
of those -- and Burnside is about no. 19 on the list. However, Grider thinks
it's likely some of those ahead of Burnside turn down the money for their
projects, and expects Burnside to get a letter in about a month or so inviting
them to apply for the money.

It would be about three-quarters of a million dollars -- but only about $250,000
of that is grant money, he said, meaning Burnside would need to apply for loan
money of close to $500,000.

That would likely result in a water rate increase of about $3.75 per customer
were Burnside to use that method to pay off the debt, said Grider.

That could be tricky, however, because of what the council did in April. That's
when the council passed Ordinance 610.2h, which changed the basic price of water
to $15.48 for the first 1,000 gallons used is changed to a minimum bill of $18
for customers inside the Burnside city limits. Those using Burnside Waterworks
outside the city limits will have a $21.77 minimum bill, instead of $19.25 for
the first thousand gallons.

The rates were changed in order to qualify for the USDA (United States
Department of Agriculture) loan needed to pay for impending improvements to the
city's water plant and would be required by the federal organization.

Councilor Willis Eadens spoke up, expressing skepticism that a second increase
in so short a time would be accepted by the public.

"If the people of Burnside that are affected by this are not receiving any loss
of (water) pressure, I'm not sure that they're going to go along with another
rate increase," said Eadens. "... If m water don't come through strong enough
for me to load my dishwasher or load my washing machine, I'd say, 'Yeah. Let's
do something about this. I'd pay a little more (to get it fixed)' ... but I'm
not sure there's enough people that's affected by this to say, 'Hey, go ahead
...'

"I'm an old codger," he added, drawing chuckles, "and a half a million (dollars)
is a lot of money."

Eadens also mentioned continued complaints about the smell emanating from the
sewer pump on Ky. 90, affected the quality of air for surrounding neighborhoods
and driving down property values.

"Which is most needed?" he asked. "Do we need to do something about a situation
that's really aggravating the life out of people? Or do we need to redo water
lines?"

Grider assured the council that the application for the money could be rolled
over to next year, and Burnside would likely still rank high on the list of
potential Kentucky Infrastructure Authority projects.

Councilor Bill Leslie asked if the water pressure of fire hydrants was being
affected. There wasn't a definitive answer, though Grider said that one would
"hope we never see a situation where we say, 'My god, we really did need those
..."

The council took no action at this meeting, but considered the cost of moving
ahead. Mayor Ron Jones noted the importance of being at least in the mix for
money should the city decide to go that route.

"There's not been improvements on (the pipes) for so many years, and now it's
all coming back home," said Jones. "So that's the problem that we're faced with.
"

___ (c)2014 the Commonwealth Journal (Somerset, Ky.) Visit the Commonwealth
Journal (Somerset, Ky.) at somerset-kentucky.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140712-CG-Burnside-council-eying-another-water-hike-0712-20140712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CG


                      Copyright 2014 Commonwealth Journal


                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                             March 24, 2008 Monday
                                     METRO

Liberals call for action on Ord River development

BYLINE: BEATRICE THOMAS

SECTION: GENERAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 351  words


The State Opposition yesterday echoed calls by Kimberley farmers for the
Government to speed up development of the Ord Stage 2 project, saying the
potential of the region was not being used.

Shadow agriculture minister Gary Snook said not enough serious effort was being
made to further agriculture development in the North. He said the preliminary
work for Ord Stage 2 had been completed and the water capacity was there but the
Government needed to make it happen.

"Its just so frustrating to see so much potential not being fully utilised and
there doesnt appear to be a serious effort by this State Government to progress
those opportunities," he said.

Kimberley farmers claim the agriculture industry has been ready to expand but is
waiting on land releases and infrastructure development.

"I know the overlap into the Northern Territory gives another area of approval
and co-operation between the Territory and State to get it done but even on the
WA side it can occur," Mr Snook said.

The north Kimberley was experiencing one of its wettest wet seasons on record
and long-term trends indicated rainfall would continue to increase.

But the States leading water expert, University of WA Centre for Water Research
director Jorg Imberger, said while water resources in the North were massive and
would increase with the advent of climate change, he believed expanding the
agriculture industry was to the detriment of the environment.

"If you remember that Australia exports enough food for about 200 million people
then you really have to ask the question: do we really need to keep doing that
when in fact this agriculture activity causes an enormous amount of long-term
damage," he said. "The question is do we want to have natural bush and
ecotourism and make our money that way and preserve our heritage or do we want
to keep going down the same route . . . of substituting the natural things with
agriculture."

State Development Minister Eric Ripper has said a ministerial committee was
examining factors affecting the regions development and he was confident of
progress on Stage 2 "sooner rather than later".

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Full flood: Kings Cascades flow into the Prince Regent River as the
Kimberley has a bumper wet season. Picture: Steve Ferrier

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 31, 2014 Friday

Wirth wades into Gila River fight with bill to slow diversion, focus on
conservation

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1315 words


Jan. 31--Southwestern New Mexico has a potential new water supply, a rare
treasure in this dry state. But tapping into the resource means diverting the
Gila River, the last free-flowing river in the state.

Under a 2004 settlement agreement with Arizona, New Mexico has rights to some
14,000 acre-feet of water from the Gila and one of its tributaries. The deadline
for deciding what to do with the water is at the end of this year. If New Mexico
doesn't use it, the water will keep flowing down the river into Arizona, and the
state will forgo millions of dollars in federal funds available for construction
of a diversion project.

The region's farmers want the diversion project as a backup, but
conservationists and sportsmen say dams or diversions would harm wildlife and
the outdoor recreation that feeds the area's economy.

Estevan Lopez, director of the New Mexico Interstate Stream Commission, thinks
conserving the river and diverting it aren't mutually exclusive. "There are ways
of finding synergy that can benefit the environment," he said.

For a decade, people and agencies on both sides of the Gila issue have haggled
other over what to do. Now they're running out of time.

Two state senators are sponsoring bills in the current legislative session to
address the Gila River basin dilemma. Senate Bill 89, sponsored by Sen. Peter
Wirth, D-Santa Fe, requires the Interstate Stream Commission to spend a chunk of
the federal dollars available under the agreement to boost water supplies in the
region by conserving water, reusing effluent, practicing conservation
agriculture and restoring watersheds. Wirth said the projects can serve as a
conservation road map for other water-strapped communities in the state.

"These are low-hanging fruit that every part of the state, municipalities and
agriculture should look at," Wirth said.

Wirth also prefiled SB 90, a bill that requires the commission to secure all
funding for a river diversion before seeking approval for the project from the
secretary of the U.S. Department of the Interior.

"When I look at the costs and benefits, doing the non-diversion projects first
absolutely makes sense," Wirth said. "Then, before we take that last step about
diversion, let's be darn sure all the money is there."

Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City, signed on as a co-sponsor of the bills last
week. The Gila River "draws in visitors and residents that support our local
economy," Morales said in a prepared statement. "If we divert and transfer a
significant amount of Gila water to other parts of the state for urban
development, the economic and ecologic health of my district would be
jeopardized now and in the future."

Tapping a river

The Gila River, a tributary of the Colorado River, begins in New Mexico's Gila
National Forest and is fed by a couple of rivers in Arizona. It flows unimpeded
south and west before emptying into Arizona.

Under the 2004 Arizona Water Settlements Act, New Mexico can harvest 14,000
acre-feet of water a year from the Gila River and the San Francisco River, a
tributary, as long as the water rights of downstream users aren't affected. The
Interstate Stream Commission has until December to tell the secretary of
Interior what the state is going to do.

If New Mexico builds a diversion and stores the water, that water can't be sold
or leased anywhere outside the state.

Under the settlement, the federal government will give the state $66 million to
use on any water resource development projects, including conservation in the
Gila Basin. In addition, the state might be eligible for $62 million more if it
develops a river diversion and storage system. Both of those figures are in 2004
dollars. In 2014 dollars, the total amount would be more, but still only half
the estimated cost of building a diversion, which is recommended by the
engineering firm hired by the Interstate Stream Commission to analyze options.

"It doesn't make economic sense to go down that road when we don't have even 50
percent of the funds in place yet," Wirth said.

Farmers, environmentalists, the general public and municipal, state and federal
officials began meeting more than a decade ago, before the settlement was
signed, to work out a plan. More than 200 meetings later, the Interstate Stream
Commission settled on 16 potential projects in the Gila Basin -- from municipal
water conservation to river diversions.

The commission's staff and contractors are trying to finish a plethora of
studies on how the projects would impact the region's hydrology, economy,
ecology and cultural resources. The commission will propose a plan for the Gila
River in August to give the public time to comment, and it will make a final
decision in November.

Debating diversion

Wirth came to the Legislature in 2004, the same year the Arizona Water
Settlements Act was signed. He's been a member of the interim Water and Natural
Resources Committee every year and has watched the Gila River struggle. "We've
been briefed every year by the [Interstate Steam Commission] about the options,"
he said. "The reason I agreed to sponsor these bills is because I think this is
about way more than the Gila."

"The state already has huge water infrastructure needs and monetary obligations
under existing water settlements," Wirth said. "Here is a chance to focus these
federal dollars in the Gila on water conservation, efficiency improvements and
watershed restoration projects without any cost to state taxpayers. Not only is
this a great road map for addressing New Mexico's water supply issues in the
rest of the state, it does not have us embarking on costly engineering projects
that move relatively small amounts of water."

Lopez said any diversion on the river would not be a water-holding dam. It could
be constructed to allow water flows to continue past a barrier and would only
divert water periodically from the river when flows are high.

"My staff is being painted as pro-diversion," he said. "In my mind, we are
trying to keep the diversion on the table as an option. Some people would like
to take the diversion option off the table."

Lopez thinks the two Senate bills are designed to constrain the diversion
option.

"These two bills are not saying, per se, that the diversion can't happen," Wirth
said. "The first bill is simply saying let's use $82 million as a pilot for the
rest of the state to show what can happen through conservation. The second says
before [the Interstate Stream Commission] makes a decision that binds us to a
dam, let's make darn sure where the rest of the money is coming from, so
taxpayers are not on the hook."

M.H. Dutch Salmon, a Silver City businessman, sportsman and former state game
commissioner, opposes any form of diversion on the river. "We're pretty
universally against it," Salmon said of residents he knows in the area.

The nonprofit groups New Mexico Wildlife Federation and Trout Unlimited also
oppose the river diversion, saying it will harm wildlife and outdoor recreation,
which are important to the region's economy.

Salmon, who is chairman of the nonprofit Gila Conservation Coalition, said this
is just the latest attempt to dam the river. He said there were dams proposed on
the Gila in the 1970s and 1980s.

Salmon said the proposed location for the diversion is a roadless area prized by
outdoors enthusiasts for its unscathed landscape and unblocked wild river. The
diversion would require a large pipe or canal to move the water. "Even if it is
only an occasional diversion, it would still be a major construction project in
a pristine area," he said.

Contact Staci Matlock at 986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

On the Web

--Read SB 89 and SB 90 online at www.nmlegis.gov. Click on "bill finder."

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140131-SF-Wirth-wades-into-Gila-River-fight-with-bill-to-slow-diversion-focus-
on-conservation-0131-20140131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday

Over Rs 9000 crore deposited in district cooperative banks in 5 days after
demonetisation

SECTION: INDIA

LENGTH: 401 words


THANE: Either the rural economy is extremely robust, or farming possibly the
most lucrative of occupations. Deposits totalling over Rs 9,000 crore were made
in select district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) across 17 states between
November 10 and 15. The government's demonetisation decision kicked in on
November 9. Perennially ailing with accumulated losses and large non-performing
assets, DCCBs suddenly mopped up over Rs 147 crore in the demonetised Rs 500 and
Rs 1,000 notes.Once the flow of deposits into the politically controlled outfits
was noticed, policymakers at North Block and the RBI barred DCCBs from accepting
any more deposits of the scrapped notes. However, according to experts, the
five-day window clearly proved enough for those with connections in DCCBs to
convert their unaccounted for wealth into the new notes."For many years, DCCBs
have been hunting grounds for politicians who open accounts in the name of
farmers and use them for money laundering,'' former NABARD managing director Dr
K G Karmakar said.Officials have particularly expressed surprise about the
deposits of over Rs 1,800 crore in Kerala, where agriculture is on the brink of
collapse."The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve marginal farmers and small
businesses.

It is worth investigating how these loan-dependent depositors deposited Rs 1,810
crore in a matter of five days," a top bureaucrat told TOI.Ditto in Punjab,
whose 20-plus DCCBs recorded deposits of Rs 1,268 crore. Maharashtra, which has
seen a steady decline in the cooperative movement and politicisation of
district-level banks, ranked third highest, with deposits of Rs 1,128 crore
between November 10 and 14."Farmers in Maharashtra are consuming pesticide as
they are unable to repay loan sharks... The deposits reveal how the institution
of the DCCB has once again been exploited by political overlords," a top
official from the state agriculture department said.Speaking of the RBI's
decision to ban DCCBs from depositing or exchanging the demonetised notes, a
decision that has sparked protests and also been challenged in court, Karmakar
added, "This was the best decision RBI could take as it not only curbed money
laundering, but also the circulation of counterfeit notes. Many of these small
banks do not have the facilities to identify counterfeit bills, which hikes the
fraudulent activities further."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday
                                 Jaipur Edition

UNDER LENS - Rs 9k cr deposited in dist co-op banks in 5 days after cash ban

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: TIMES NATION | BLACK OUT?

LENGTH: 403 words


Either the rural economy is extremely robust, or farming possibly the most
lucrative of occupations. Deposits totalling over Rs 9,000 crore were made in
select district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) across 17 states between
November 10 and 14. The five-day window began a day after the government's
demonetisation decision kicked in on November 9.

Perennially saddled with accumulated losses and large

non-performing assets, DCCBs suddenly mopped up over 147 crore of the
demonetised Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes in the period.

Once the flow of deposits into the politically controlled outfits was noticed,
policymakers at North Block and the RBI barred DCCBs from accepting any more
deposits of the scrapped notes. However, according to experts, the fiveday
window clearly proved enough for those with connections in DCCBs to keep their
unaccounted for wealth from becoming useless.

\x93For many years, DCCBs have been hunting grounds for politicians who open
accounts in the names of farmers and use them for money laundering,\x93 former
NABARD managing director Dr K G Karmakar said.

Officials have particularly

expressed surprise about deposits totalling Rs 1,800 crore made in Kerala, where
agriculture is on the brink of collapse. \x93The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve
marginal farmers and small businesses. It is worth investigating how these
loan-dependent depositors deposited Rs 1,810 crore in

a matter of five days,\x93 a top bureaucrat told TOI.

Ditto in Punjab, whose 20plus DCCBs recorded deposits of Rs 1,268 crore.
Maharashtra, which has seen a steady decline in the cooperative movement and the
politicisation of district-level banks, ranked third in the country , with
deposits of Rs 1,128 crore.

\x93Farmers in Maharashtra

are consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay loan sharks... The deposits
reveal how the institution of the DCCB has once again been exploited by
political overlords,\x93 a top official from the state agriculture department
said.

Speaking of the RBI's decision to ban DCCBs from depositing or exchanging the
demonetised notes -a decision that has sparked protests and also been challenged
in court -Karmakar added, \x93This was the best decision RBI could take as it
not only curbed money laundering, but also the circulation of counterfeit notes.
Many of these small banks do not have the facilities to identify counterfeit
bills, which hikes the scope for fraudulent activities.\x93

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday
                                 Delhi Edition

UNDER LENS - Rs 9k cr deposited in dist co-op banks in 5 days after cash ban

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: TIMES NATION | BLACK OUT?

LENGTH: 403 words


Either the rural economy is extremely robust, or farming possibly the most
lucrative of occupations. Deposits totalling over Rs 9,000 crore were made in
select district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) across 17 states between
November 10 and 14. The five-day window began a day after the government's
demonetisation decision kicked in on November 9.

Perennially saddled with accumulated losses and large

non-performing assets, DCCBs suddenly mopped up over 147 crore of the
demonetised Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes in the period.

Once the flow of deposits into the politically controlled outfits was noticed,
policymakers at North Block and the RBI barred DCCBs from accepting any more
deposits of the scrapped notes. However, according to experts, the fiveday
window clearly proved enough for those with connections in DCCBs to keep their
unaccounted for wealth from becoming useless.

\x93For many years, DCCBs have been hunting grounds for politicians who open
accounts in the names of farmers and use them for money laundering,\x93 former
NABARD managing director Dr K G Karmakar said.

Officials have particularly

expressed surprise about deposits totalling Rs 1,800 crore made in Kerala, where
agriculture is on the brink of collapse. \x93The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve
marginal farmers and small businesses. It is worth investigating how these
loan-dependent depositors deposited Rs 1,810 crore in

a matter of five days,\x93 a top bureaucrat told TOI.

Ditto in Punjab, whose 20plus DCCBs recorded deposits of Rs 1,268 crore.
Maharashtra, which has seen a steady decline in the cooperative movement and the
politicisation of district-level banks, ranked third in the country , with
deposits of Rs 1,128 crore.

\x93Farmers in Maharashtra

are consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay loan sharks... The deposits
reveal how the institution of the DCCB has once again been exploited by
political overlords,\x93 a top official from the state agriculture department
said.

Speaking of the RBI's decision to ban DCCBs from depositing or exchanging the
demonetised notes -a decision that has sparked protests and also been challenged
in court -Karmakar added, \x93This was the best decision RBI could take as it
not only curbed money laundering, but also the circulation of counterfeit notes.
Many of these small banks do not have the facilities to identify counterfeit
bills, which hikes the scope for fraudulent activities.\x93

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 26, 2015 Sunday

Inaction an invitation for another scandal?

BYLINE: Alan Guebert For the TH

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 736 words


Confession time: Over the past three years, I often have referred to the 113th
and 114th Congress as either "do nothing" or "doing less than nothing."

This is wrong, because each passing day of continued congressional nothingness
clearly shows House and Senate leaders, then as now, busy as bees planning and
implementing detailed action plans for inaction.

And why not; doing nothing has been a winning strategy for House and Senate
Republicans. They have beaten, or at least fought to a standstill, their hated
foe, big government, by going small. Really small - as in nothing.

Even when Congress does something, it manages to do next to nothing. For
example, from 2011 through 2013, the House Ag Committee held 10 hearings on how
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission would implement the futures market
reforms included in the sweeping, 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law.

At the same time, the committee began to stitch together a comprehensive
reauthorization bill that both gave the agency five more years of life while
folding in the hotly debated Dodd-Frank reforms. That bill finally cleared the
full House on June 24, 2014, which was a not-surprising nine months after the
CFTC's statutory authority expired Sept. 30, 2013.

Once the Republican-dominated CFTC bill hit the Democratically controlled
Senate, however, the glacial pace of reauthorization froze. The Senate Ag
Committee boss, Debbie Stabenow, of Michigan, said the House bill lacked a more
permanent "funding mechanism" and added "new layers of administrative burdens"
intended to hamstring Dodd-Frank reforms necessary to "effectively regulate
these markets."

Unhappy with the House bill but unable to muster Senate votes to pass its own
version, Stabenow found a classic Capitol Hill way out: She did nothing. The
bill died when the 113th Congress adjourned early last winter.

And it remains dead, 19 months after the CFTC's authority to regulate the U.S.
futures market, estimated at $25 trillion per year, ended. (The CFTC continues
to operate under "implied" authority because Congress continues to fund it.)

The global derivatives market, however, couldn't be more alive. The CFTC
estimates that the "notional," or theoretical, value of all derivatives traded
in 2013 was $223 trillion, double the amount traded in 2010.

Worse, as a rolling series of market scandals - 2008's global financial crisis,
2012 London interbank rate price fixing, the foreign currency market fraud of
the same year - show, these volatile, mostly unregulated markets impact
everything from home mortgage rates in Des Moines to bond prices in Athens.

Closer to farm and ranch country, the ebb and flow of massive amounts of
unmonitored, unregulated money into U.S. futures markets has affected farm and
food prices, too.

A February 2015 research paper published by Growmark, a $10 billion,
Illinois-based regional farm cooperative, explained the effect this way: "The
driver of ever higher prices is large sums of money entering commodity markets
from outside institutions and other financial markets. Though money flows are
not part of commodity basics, they are most definitely part of the fundamentals
- probably the most important part."

These new "flows" are "the embodiment of additional demand" but this new demand
"is monetary, not physical." And since these flows are purely financial -
completely unrelated to either supply or demand hedging or hedgers - they "move
prices regardless of what the news is or whether there is any news at all."

What and who are behind all this?

In an April 7, "Thinking Forward" blog post, our good friend Dr. Steve Suppan,
at the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, lays the blame on "financial
speculators" who "chronically exceed position limits" which then "distort prices
for commercial hedgers, often to a degree where they fail to manage their price
risks."

That failure, writes Suppan, "if prolonged, can be devastating at every point of
a commodity supply chain from producer to consumer."

How long is prolonged?

Don't ask Congress. It has had four years to incorporate Dodd-Frank into
derivative regulations and nearly two years to reauthorize the CFTC and it's
still no closer to finding an answer.

Meanwhile, the next financial scandal gets closer every day.

Guebert's column is published weekly through the U.S. and Canada. Source
material, past columns and contact information are posted at
www.farmandfoodfile.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 1, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

DOYLE WANTS MONEY FOR FUEL TO STAY HERE

BYLINE: BY JENNY PRICE

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 719 words


Wisconsin spends billions each year on energy -- including gas and electricity
-- with a major chunk going to power and fuel imported from elsewhere and
providing no economic benefit here at home.

Gov. Jim Doyle wants state government to promote renewable energy sources like
biofuels so more of that money stays here and gives Wisconsin's economy a boost.
That includes fuel derived from corn, soybeans and forest product waste and even
energy generated from manure.

Doyle's plan would invest $40 million in promoting renewable energy, including
grants and loans to companies working on new renewable energy technology and $2
million in tax credits for gas stations that install biodiesel and ethanol
pumps. The proposal includes $5 million to help fund the country's first
cellulosic ethanol plant, which could turn wood, wood waste, and other plants
such as switch grass into fuel.

"There's not going to be a wasted piece of anything we grow. ... We're going to
use everything," said Gary Radloff, a spokesman for the Department of
Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection, which is taking the lead on biofuels
among state agencies.

The proposal sprung, in part, from a group the governor appointed last year to
examine what advantages Wisconsin has in the bioeconomy.

"What clearly emerged is the fact we're a diverse state," Radloff said. "We're
not just like Iowa with rows and rows of corn for ethanol."

The governor wants to distribute $30 million through the Energy Independence
Grant and Loan Program to speed up the commercialization of renewable energy
technologies. The administration contends the program will attract up to $300
million in investment from the private sector.

"What the state does, in many ways, is underwrite risk with low interest loans
or grants," Radloff said. "It encourages innovation."

The push for biofuels has its detractors. Proposed ethanol plants have sparked
lawsuits and concern over water usage and air pollution. And some critics argue
converting corn or other bio sources to fuel uses more energy than the fuel
provides. Supporters counter those arguments are based on old data.

Doyle wants Wisconsin to garner 10 percent of the market share for the
production of renewable energy sources by 2030. That would contribute $13.5
billion a year to the state economy and 17,000 high-paying energy and fuel jobs,
state officials estimate. The projected economic benefit is based on what would
happen if the state stopped the steady flow of money spent on fuel and energy
from outside Wisconsin, a situation the state Division of Energy has classified
as a "significant drain" on the state's economy. Total energy expenditures in
the state reached a record high of $18.5 billion in 2005. More than $12 billion,
or about $5,500 per household, left Wisconsin.

If Doyle gets his way, it would be easier for drivers in Wisconsin to fill up
the tank with alternative fuels. The state would provide tax credits up to
$5,000 per pump to locally-owned gas stations or private fleet operators that
install renewable fuel pumps. Currently, the state has about 65 stations with
E-85 pumps and 14 with biodiesel pumps; the governor claims his plan would add
400 new pumps.

"That's going to drive the market," Radloff said. "Once you've got it out there
to people, they're going to use it."

Seven years ago, Wisconsin wasn't producing any ethanol. Now its output is
pushing 200 million gallons per year. By 2010, it's expected to top 600 million
gallons, Radloff said. Wisconsin's biodiesel production is in the 1 to 2 million
gallons per year range now and could reach 115 million gallons per year in the
same time frame, he said.

"The market is developing so rapidly," he said.

The Capital Region already has three ethanol plants and two biodiesel plants,
with more than a half-dozen others on the drawing board, according to DATCP.

Efforts to produce renewable energy have benefited companies like Apache
Stainless Equipment Corp. in Beaver Dam. About one-fourth of its work is devoted
to producing ethanol equipment, company officials have reported.

Still, Radloff said ethanol is a "first stage technology."

"A lot of the focus today is on ethanol," he said. "I think, fairly quickly,
you're going to see what we call the more full-scale bio refineries (that) will
produce from multiple feed stocks."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Jenny Price is a Madison freelance writer. She can be reached at
jenny.price@gmail.com.

GRAPHIC: BUSINESS JOURNAL GRAPHIC SOURCE: Wisconsin Department of Agriculture,
Trade and Consumer Protection Wisconsin Biofuels STEVE APPS Distiller grain is a
byproduct of the brewing process and can be used to make ethanol. Gov. Jim Doyle
wants to boost the state's economy by promoting renewable energy sources like
biofuels.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                          September 16, 1997, Tuesday

EU budget battle starts as Bonn presses for rebate

BYLINE: Charles Bremner in Brussels

SECTION: Overseas news

LENGTH: 772 words


THE future of Britain's special rebate from the European Union budget came into
question yesterday as Germany and The Netherlands insisted that they paid too
much to Brussels, and southern European states refused to consider giving up the
heavy flow of EU cash they receive.

The lines for a long and bitter battle over EU funding were drawn by foreign
ministers when they met for the first review of the plan to invite states from
Central Europe and Cyprus to start membership talks early next year. Most
members support the Commission's proposal that spending be held steady at the
present ceiling of 1.27 per cent of their gross domestic product.

The quarrel, which promises to drag on until 1999, springs from the need to
switch resources to pay for the inclusion of poor states from the former
communist bloc. Spain and Portugal said yesterday there was no question of
agreeing to proposals to cut the lavish regional aid that they receive to switch
the funds to financing the probable entry of Poland, the Czech Republic,
Estonia, Slovenia, Hungary and Cyprus.

"If extra money is needed for enlargement, it will have to be found elsewhere,"
said Abel Matutes, the Spanish Foreign Minister. Greece and Ireland, both strong
beneficiaries, are also resisting any cut in their hefty EU income.

Complicating the quarrel is the insistence by Germany, The Netherlands and
Sweden that they pay far too high a share of the EU's Pounds 50 billion budget.
Their argument is the same as Margaret Thatcher's in her long battle in the
1980s to reduce the net British contribution.

Since German unification, Bonn estimates it pays about 65 per cent of the net
burden of the EU each year. The Dutch calculate that they are the biggest
contributor per head. Klaus Kinkel, the German Foreign Minister, told
colleagues: "We want a fairer balance and a better flow of money back."

Karel Van Miert, the Dutch minister, said the Agenda 2000 plan for enlarging the
EU was "unacceptable" as it stood. The Netherlands wants greater
"proportionality" in its contribution. The German-Dutch offensive was denounced
as "un-European" by Belgium. Jacques Santer, the Commission President, used
similar language when Germany launched its budget offensive at a weekend meeting
of finance ministers. Britain, which is still one of the bigger net
contributors, says there is no question of giving up the rebate. It is
emphasising the need to cut spending by reforming the common agricultural
policy, which consumes more than half the annual budget. The Commission's reform
plans, drawn up as part of the enlargement programme, do not go far enough,
Robin Cook, the Foreign Secretary, told EU colleagues. The eventual financial
package is subject to unanimous voting, so the veto applies. EU officials are
worried that the fight over money could set back spending reforms and
enlargement. Another obstacle was thrown up yesterday when France, Belgium and
Italy said that no new members should be allowed into the EU until it had
reformed its decision-making institutions to cope with expansion.

EUROPE'S FIVE-YEAR CALENDAR

1997

October 2 Amsterdam: Signing of new Union Treaty. Late October European
Commission issues key economic forecasts showing which countries likely to
qualify for EMU.

November 20-21: EU special summit (in Luxembourg) to tackle unemployment

December 12-13: EU summit (Luxembourg): Must decide which East European
countries will be invited to start negotiations to join EU. Also due to agree on
"conduct code" to try to bring business and savings taxes into line.

Britain due to state intentions on monetary union.

1998

January: Britain takes over EU presidency. EU states start retifying Treaty of
Amsterdam (successor to Maastricht). Membership negotiations start with Cyprus
and chosen states from Eastern Europe.

May 2-3:(provisional dates): Special summit in Brussels, chaired by UK, to
choose founding members of single currency. Exchange rates to be set between
currencies of future euro zone.

June 16-17: Cardiff EU summit Argument likely on future EU financing and reform
to common agriculture policy (CAP) and other spending.

July 1: Austria takes over EU presidency.

September: German general elections.

1999

January 1: EMU launched, Germany takes over EU presidency.

June: Elections to European Parliament.

2000

January: New spending package takes effect, incorporating reformed CAP and
regional aid.

2002

January: Euro notes and coins enter circulation, old currencies disapear.

Froom 2002: Cyprus and Central European states join EU.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Times Newspapers Limited


                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday
                                Lucknow Edition

Rs 9k cr deposited in dist co-op banks in 5 days after cash ban

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: TIMES NATION | BLACK OUT?

LENGTH: 403 words


Either the rural economy is extremely robust, or farming possibly the most
lucrative of occupations. Deposits totalling over Rs 9,000 crore were made in
select district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) across 17 states between
November 10 and 14. The five-day window began a day after the government's
demonetisation decision kicked in on November 9.

Perennially saddled with accumulated losses and large non-performing assets,
DCCBs suddenly mopped up over 147 crore of the demonetised Rs 500 and Rs 1,000
notes in the period.

Once the flow of deposits into the politically controlled outfits was noticed,
policymakers at North Block and the RBI barred DCCBs from accepting any more
deposits of the scrapped notes. However, according to experts, the fiveday
window clearly proved enough for those with connections in DCCBs to keep their
unaccounted for wealth from becoming useless.

\x93For many years, DCCBs have been hunting grounds for politicians who open
accounts in the names of farmers and use them for money laundering,\x93 former
NABARD managing director Dr K G Karmakar said.

Officials have particularly expressed surprise about deposits totalling Rs 1,800
crore made in Kerala, where agriculture is on the brink of collapse.

\x93The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve marginal farmers and small businesses. It
is worth investigating how these loan-dependent depositors deposited Rs 1,810
crore in a matter of five days,\x93 a top bu

reaucrat told TOI.

Ditto in Punjab, whose 20plus DCCBs recorded deposits of Rs 1,268 crore.
Maharashtra, which has seen a steady decline in the cooperative movement and the
politicisation of district-level banks, ranked third in the country, with
deposits of Rs 1,128 crore.

\x93Farmers in Maharashtra are consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay
loan sharks... The deposits reveal how the institution of the DCCB has once
again been exploited by political overlords,\x93 a top official from the state
agriculture department said.

Speaking of the RBI's decision to ban DCCBs from depositing or exchanging the
demonetised notes -a decision that has sparked protests and also been challenged
in court -Karmakar added, \x93This was the best decision RBI could take as it
not only curbed money laundering, but also the circulation of counterfeit
notes.Many of these small banks do not have the facilities to identify
counterfeit bills, which hikes the scope for fraudulent activities.\x93

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 20, 2015 Monday
                                 First Edition

More pain, no rain forecast as drought enters fourth year

BYLINE: Mark Ludlow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 775 words


Longreach grazier and businessman James Walker knows all too well about the cost
of the drought afflicting 70 per cent of his state.

Mr Walker said about one family a week was leaving the famous central western
Queensland town as the region has struggled without any decent rain for three
years - a drought that came a few years after the previous one.

"It's an absolute catastrophe out here at the moment. A lot of people have made
the decision not to pursue a life on the land because they can't see any way
out. Even the ones who have stayed are in the position where they have to
continually assess their [financial] position," he said.

"We all still have fresh memories of the last drought, which was only a few
years ago. We need funds to stimulate the local economies."

In a bid to limit some of the financial pain, Mr Walker sold down his stock, or
about 6000 head of cattle, in preparation for the drought, went back to
university and has attempted to diversify into tourism and other enterprises to
boost the money flow.

It is the third time he has had to de-stock - which essentially means selling
down and starting again - in the past 15 years.

"We sold our stock early on and we're in caretaker mode. We're just living on
reserves at the moment. We've had to branch out into tourism just to get the
cash flow going. Even if it does rain we're looking at 12 months before we can
buy livestock back," he said.

Mr Walker helped hold a summit last year to workshop ideas to help graziers and
farmers to get through the dry periods - and, most importantly, get politicians,
bankers and chief executives to understand their plight. He says state and
federal governments have to do more than offer concessional loans to farmers,
saying they should considering "freezing" rates for one year.

Primary producers across Queensland and NSW have called on the Abbott government
to deliver an extended drought assistance package before next month's federal
budget to avert more farmers hitting the wall.

Federal Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce last week flagged a stimulus package
for regional centres through local councils, but industry groups warn it does
not go far enough. They are calling to extend the eligibility criteria for
farmers and boost concessional loans to help farmers who have not had any decent
rain for four years.

"Many farmers are really struggling. We just need to make sure these programs
are more readily available to the people who need them," AgForce chief executive
Charles Burke said.

"That money, [which] has already been allocated, needs to be considered with
some different criteria as part of an overall package. We've urged them to look
at this very quickly. This has to be done by federal budget.

"We need a number of different aspects to the package to ensure the money is
circulating through the community, not just into the hands of individuals but
through the communities to maintain employment and keep population in the
regions so services don't diminish and businesses are sustainable."

He said farmers, especially in north-west and south-west Queensland, were
struggling, with more than 70 per cent of the state drought-declared.

Farmers are also having to deal with low commodity prices and high debt levels,
which have only been partly offset by the lower Australian dollar, which makes
their exports more affordable to overseas buyers.

"You add all those things together and it makes for a very difficult operating
environment. This is not as widespread as the last drought, but probably the
effects of this one are worse," Mr Burke said.

"Some of these growers have not seen any rain for four years and therefore had
to de-stock. Even if it rains it's going to take two years to get back on their
feet because people haven't had the opportunity to recover from the last drought
and replenish their financial reserves. They haven't been able to catch their
breath."

National Farmers' Federation president Brent Finlay said they had tabled 21
recommendations to the federal government to boost the drought assistance for
farmers. It follows a letter to Prime Minister Tony Abbott outlining concerns
that some farmers were missing out on assistance. "These recommendations reflect
concerns we raised at the outset of the scheme and again late last year. They
can no longer be ignored," Mr Finlay said.

"Many farmers are facing their fourth season without income, which is more than
anyone can reasonably expect a business to withstand."

As farmers across the east coast head into the dry season, the Bureau of
Meteorology in its latest drought report says it is highly unlikely rainfall
deficits will be cleared any time soon.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grim outlook ... Queensland farmer James Walker says funds are needed
to stimulate local economies. PHOTO: PETER SCOTT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday
                              Correction Appended

State sees hope in new Farm Bill;
More funding for programs tops wish list

BYLINE: DANIA AKKAD, Herald Salinas Bureau

SECTION: Z_VANEWS

LENGTH: 887 words


Feeding more money into and cutting the red tape of conservation, nutrition and
farm-to-school programs, as well as getting California a greater share of
federal agricultural dollars, were at the top of the wish lists heard at
Thursday's Farm Bill listening session in Salinas.

The discussion was the first of four that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
will conduct statewide this summer, gearing up for the bill's introduction to
Congress early next year.

The Farm Bill is the road map for the allocation of the department's $100
billion annual budget, covering everything from foods stamps to international
trade of agricultural products.

Prior to the 1980s, the bill was primarily focused on the needs of commodity
farmers -- those who grow subsidized crops such as rice, cotton and soy, mostly
in the Midwest.

But more money has started to flow toward a wider spectrum of programs, raising
the hopes of more noncommodity interests, like the specialty crop and organic
farmers in Monterey County, who may get some traction with the upcoming bill.

California Secretary of Agriculture A.G. Kawamura, who participated in the
Salinas session, and his staff will take comments from the sessions into
consideration as they form a policy agenda to be passed along to Congress, said
U.S. Department of Agriculture spokesman Steve Lyle.

More than a dozen people spoke at the hearing, asking for funding for programs
ranging from those that help connect local farmers with local schools to others
that reward growers with money for using environmentally sensitive farming
techniques.

Specialty crops like those grown in the county account for 50 percent of the
country's crop value, said Jim Bogart, president of the Grower-Shipper
Association of Central California. But they "receive relatively little
consideration in current farm bill programs," he said.

Bogart added that 92 percent of commodity program payments go to five crops, a
quarter of the country's production value.

Specialty crop producers don't want price supports, but rather are looking for
more money to be invested into the research, consumer awareness and reduction of
international trade barriers of such products, he said.

Suzanne du Verrier, board president of the Food Bank for Monterey County, spoke
about the need for improved organization of the national food stamp program. As
much as $2.3 billion dollars of stamps that should go to eligible participants
never reach those people because of bureaucracy, she said.

The guidelines and goals of the Food Stamp Nutrition Education program, which
increases the likelihood that farm stamp recipients will make healthful food
choices, need to be outlined more clearly to include common sense activities,
like teaching children about healthful eating through growing gardens, she said.

At this point, none of the program's dollars can be spent on seeds or dirt, she
said.

"We can do garden-based education, but we can't use any of the money to grow
things," du Verrier said. "It's like saying you can go to school but we can't
buy you a book."

Gary Peterson, communications and development director for the Salinas-based
Agricultural and Land-Based Training Association, a nonprofit that helps
low-income people jump into farming, said his organization wants money to be
spent on programs that help develop beginning farmers and ranchers and promote
farmers markets.

A farmers market promotional program in the last Farm Bill, passed in 2002, was
only funded last year, receiving $1 million, Peterson said. That money was then
divided among 16 groups, even though 350 applications were submitted for the
grant money.

Kathryn Phillips, California Clean Air for Life campaign manager for
Environmental Defense, a nonprofit focused on solving environmental problems,
pushed for more funding for the Farm Bill's conservation programs, a sentiment
echoed repeatedly throughout the session.

Among the programs in the conservation section of the bill is the Environmental
Quality Incentive Program -- called "equip" by those at the hearing -- which
offers growers financial and technical assistance in exchange for their
environmentally sensitive stewardship of land.

Farmers own half of the country's private land, Phillips said after the meeting,
so it makes sense to connect with farmers, cut down on the paperwork they need
to enroll in such programs and reward them.

"They'd like some help," she said.

Phillips and other environmental organizations, including the Natural Resources
Defense Council, have been talking directly with farm organizations such as the
Western Growers Association since fall about their overlapping priorities for
the 2007 Farm Bill.

Many participants have said the collaborations between various groups that
wouldn't normally work together on issues is a new and exciting development and
comes as the state tries to further assert itself into a bill that has
traditionally favored big commodities.

"We've never done it like this in California," Phillips said.

CorrectionThe listening session held in Salinas on Thursday afternoon was
sponsored and attended by representatives of the California Department of Food
and Agriculture. The Herald incorrectly reported on page E1 on Thursday that it
was held by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Dania Akkad can be reached at 753-6752 or dakkad@montereyherald.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 7, 2006



CORRECTION: The listening session held in Salinas on Thursday afternoon was
sponsored and attended by representatives of the  California Department of Food
and Agriculture. The Herald incorrectly reported on page E1 on Thursday that it
was held by the  U.S. Department of Agriculture.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Herald Sun (Melbourne, Australia)

                            August 26, 2003 Tuesday

Back river plan, states urged

BYLINE: ALISON REHN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 411 words


THE Federal Government has urged the states to back its $500 million River
Murray rescue plan as the battle to save it descended into a political slanging
match yesterday.

Both major parties accused each other of not pledging enough money to save the
river.

Just two months ago, Agriculture Minister Warren Truss lambasted the Labor
Party's $150 million proposal to save the Murray as a "fraud".

Yesterday Opposition spokesman for primary industries Kerry O'Brien labelled the
Federal Government's latest river-saving proposal as "pathetic".

At the weekend Prime Minister John Howard announced the Government would commit
$125 million over five years -$25 million less than Labor's pledge -- as part of
a proposed $500 million rescue package for the Murray-Darling system.

New South Wales, South Australia and Victoria would each be expected to match
the Commonwealth's $125 million commitment to bring the total package to half a
billion dollars.

The money would be used to buy water from farmers to restore environmental
flows.

But already, state Labor governments have said the Commonwealth's offer was
inadequate, which is bound to create a tense atmosphere at Friday's Council of
Australian Governments meeting.

The Government has been desperately trying to quell any animosity between the
state and federal governments in time for the CoAG meeting, to see some progress
on the critical issue of water rights.

In May, Labor leader Simon Crean said a Labor government would make an initial
injection of $150 million.

But at the time, federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the proposed
expenditure was "a fraud".

"It is a fraud on the people of South Australia and it is a fraud on anyone who
wants the environment in the River Murray system to be improved," Mr Truss said
in Federal Parliament in June this year.

"You simply cannot achieve it with that level of money unless you take the water
from people and do not give them compensation."  Yesterday Senator O'Brien
countered that the Government's five-year plan was "pretty lame".

"If our $150 million (commitment) in one year was a "fraud", well then, the
Prime Minister's contribution of $125 million over five years is much more than
a 'fraud', it's an outright disgrace," Senator O'Brien said.

"In contrast to Simon Crean's proposal, it's pathetic."  Mr Truss yesterday
urged premiers to back the Government's proposal.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Why Gulf money did not flow into agriculture?

BYLINE: Ashfak Bokhari

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 288

LENGTH: 906  words


DURING the 200708 global rush for farmland acquisitions, Saudi Arabia and the
UAE were widely reported to have acquired thousands of acres of cultivable area
in Pakistan to produce food for their needs. Today, there is no mention in the
media of any such project having come to fruition.

Several theories have since been floated to explain why Gulf FDI did not flow
into the country's agricultural sector. A report published by Middle East
Institute on October 2, makes an extensive probe into why the ambitious plans
turned into a mirage. It comes to the conclusion that food security cannot be
achieved by Arab states by investing in farmlands in foreign countries,
particularly the ones suffering from food insecurity themselves.

What happened in Sudan is a case in point where despite extraordinary publicity
given to Gulf investments in Sudanese agriculture, hardly any production has
taken place. Even exporting back food from that country, when it is produced,
looks uncertain as it suffers from food shortage itself.

The author of the report, Robert Looney, says he found official records
regarding agricultural investments in Pakistan quite 'sketchy and the facts
elusive'. It is not clear 'how much land was available to investors, the number
of hectares sold or leased so far, and who is in fact doing the investing in
Pakistan'

Some factors discouraging land acquisitions by foreigners in the changed
circumstances included stabilisation of world food prices after the 2008 spike.
World food prices fell to their lowest since August 2010 in September 2014

A World Bank report in 2011 on growing global interest in buying lands also
found no evidence of a single Arabfinanced agricultural project in Pakistan
having materialised, even though it ranked second to Sudan in terms of announced
Gulf investments in agriculture. Nor, evidence of any investment was found on
GRAIN website which records media reports about such projects.The authorities
did not allow data collection because of political sensitivities surrounding
land ownership in the country.

In the wake of global recession in 200708, riots erupted in many developing
countries following a steep rise in prices of food grains. This led to a ban on
exports of staple food commodities by exporting countries, causing great
consternation among the Arab Gulf states that largely depended on food imports
to meet their needs.

The reports of land deals, which the Pakistani authorities neither denied nor
confirmed, appeared logical under the circumstances because there was little
likelihood of expansion in agricultural land in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states
and the only option seen for them, when even imports were uncertain, was to grow
food crops such as rice, wheat, sugar, and fodder on lands in other countries.
Saudis even phased out local production of wheat and other crops to save the
country's scarce water resources. Now Saudi Arabia may become dependent on
imported wheat by 2016.

Seeing a winwin situation for both sides. Pakistan, seeking to make its vast
cultivable wasteland productive, was waiting for such an opportunity. All of
these crops with foreign demand were suited to Pakistani soil and climate. The
government began staging 'farmland road shows' across the Gulf region and
offering tax exemptions, dutyfree equipment imports, exemption from labour laws
and 100pc land ownership in special free zones. The government reportedly even
offered to provide a 100,000strong security force to protect investors. The
major land deals that Pakistani media reported were:

In 2008, Abraaj Capital and other UAE companies acquired 800,000 acres of
farmland in Pakistan with the support of the UAE government. Other UAE firms
interested in investing in land included the Emirates Investment Group and the
Abu Dhabi Group.

In 2009, a UAE group acquired about 16,187 hectares of land in Balochistan
proÂ­vince for an estimated $40m. They wanted to begin mechanized farming on the
land.

The Qatar Meat and Livestock Company (Mawashi) was reported in 2011 to have
spent $1bn in corporate farming in Pakistan. It negotiated with the Sindh
government to lease around 12,140 hectares in Shikarpur, Larkana, and Sukkur.

Saudi Arabia wanted to lease 500,000 or more acres of land to grow grain and
vegetables for the Saudi market.

Some factors discouraging land acquisitions in the changed circumstances
included stabilisation of world food prices after the 2008 spike. World food
prices fell to their lowest since August 2010 in September 2014.

Another factor is the potential political and social instability that large
exports of food from foreignowned Pakistani farms to the Gulf might precipitate.
A case in point is Madagascar, where a land deal contributed to widespread
political instability and eventually in a change of government.

Pakistan's food insecurity is quite evident from the Economist Intelligence
Unit's (EIU) Index of Food Security. Pakistan ranked 76 (2012), 76 (2013) and 77
(2014). The country scored particularly low in affordability ranking and
consistently low in food availability ranking.

However, Pakistan is now turning to agribusiness rather than land sales as a
means of luring Gulf investment. The Securities and Exchange Commission of
Pakistan enrolled 19 companies in corporate farming in January this year. Most
of them are in seed, poultry and feed businesses. It is, however, not clear if
any of them plans to invest in the crop sector.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Need to use remittances to develop villages, agriculture

BYLINE: kanayo f nwanze

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Others

LENGTH: 820 words


FOR more than a decade, Asia's economies have been on the move - and so have its
people. The scale of migration from rural to urban areas and across
international borders is historically unprecedented, and 21st-century Asia is
its focal point.

In Asia's developing countries, the power and potential of remittances - the
money that migrant workers send home to their families (many of whom live in
poor and remote areas) - is immense. Currently, more than 60 million migrant
workers from the Asia-Pacific region account for more than half of all
remittance flows to developing countries, having sent home about US$260 billion
in 2012.

China, India and the Philippines are the three largest recipients of
remittances, while Bangladesh, Indonesia, Pakistan and Vietnam are also in the
top 10. The money is often a lifeline: It is estimated that 10 per cent of Asian
families depend on payments from abroad to obtain their food, clothing and
shelter.

But, while remittances to developing countries are five times higher than
official development assistance, the enormous potential returns for society have
not been realised - and can be secured only if the flow of money can be
channelled into effective rural and agricultural development, particularly in
fragile states and post-conflict countries. Doing so would contribute
significantly to creating jobs, enhancing food security and fostering stability
in countries emerging from strife.

In order to establish such channels, we must scale up key initiatives, identify
new opportunities and map out the road ahead. The fourth Global Forum on
Remittances, which ended yesterday in Bangkok, should do just that.

Convened by the International Fund for Agricultural Development (Ifad) and the
World Bank, the forum brought together policymakers, private-sector players, and
civil-society leaders to chart a course for leveraging the development impact of
remittances sent home each year in Asia and around the world.

At Ifad, our starting point is always the three billion people who live in the
rural areas of developing countries. We work to create conditions in which poor
rural women and men can grow and sell more food, increase their incomes and
determine the direction of their own lives. We believe that diasporas and the
global donor community can leverage the flow of migrant investment if they form
partnerships with national governments for long-term development of the rural
communities that are so often the beginning of the migration chain.

More than 215 million people around the world live outside of the countries they
call home. But most families that rely on remittances operate outside of the
world's financial system as well. Despite the global prevalence of electronic
money transfers, most migrant workers are excluded from the convenience of
modern banking services, dependent on costly cash transfers that often require
rural recipients to travel significant distances.

As a result, migrant workers are forced to initiate more than one billion
separate transactions worldwide each year. That means more than one billion
trips for rural women and men to collect their money. Adding up the cost of the
transfer, travel and time, remittances are far too expensive for people living
in poverty.

Ifad has been working in more than 40 countries to ensure that rural families
can have easy access to remittances, and are better able to use them as savings
or investments that go back into their communities. The amount of money at stake
is staggering: It is estimated that over the next five years, more than US$2.5
trillion will be sent in remittances to developing countries, with almost 40 per
cent - coming in the form of payments of US$50, US$100 or US$500 at a time -
destined for rural areas. While the majority of family remittances will always
be used to meet immediate needs, Ifad's experience shows that rural families
would seize opportunities to save and invest, even small amounts, if they had
better options.

While remittances should and can be leveraged to bring about impressive results
in poverty reduction, let us not forget that there is an underlying issue that
needs to be addressed. Young people, the leaders and farmers of tomorrow, are
leaving their rural communities behind in search of better opportunities. We
need to turn rural areas into vibrant and economically stable communities that
provide opportunities for young people to earn a living, build their capacities
and start a family.

We should not ignore the enormous development potential of remittances to rural
areas. Let us empower families to use their hard-earned money in ways that will
help to make migration a matter of choice, not a necessity for the generations
to come. - Project Syndicate

The writer is president of the International Fund for Agricultural Development,
an international financial institution and a specialised United Nations agency
based in Rome.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 25, 2001 Sunday 2D EDITION

Platte-basin plan juggles users' needs Wildlife, water diverters benefit

BYLINE: By Theo Stein, Denver Post Environment Writer,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-27

LENGTH: 907 words


The mighty Platte, the major river draining the central  Plains, is a mere
shadow of its former self.

Once a treeless, raging spring terror that nearly dried to  sand by fall, the
Platte is now confined to a neatly incised  channel or two flanked by maturing
forests.

That's good for turkey and deer but bad for the whooping  crane, piping plover,
least tern, and a bony, whiskered, unlovely  prehistoric fish called the pallid
sturgeon - all of which are on  the endangered species list.

But a revolutionary new management strategy involving  Colorado, Wyoming,
Nebraska and the Department of Interior  promises to re-engineer this
historically shallow, braided river  and, in the process, completely revamp the
way water is managed  throughout the West.

Called the 'Tri-state Cooperative Agreement,' the process  represents the first
attempt at a watershed-based management  strategy for a major Western river.
Essentially, the three states  have to figure out how to guarantee minimum water
flows at Grand  Island, Neb., the downstream boundary of the critical habitat
needed for the four species.

'What we're seeing here is the reorganization of one of the  West's most
important assets,' said David Freeman, a CSU sociology  professor who is
studying the process.

Why should Coloradans care? Although designed to directly  benefit endangered
species, the project affects a dizzying array  of interests: big cities, small
towns, power producers, irrigation  districts, sportsmen - basically anyone who
uses water in the  entire 90,000-square-mile greater Platte River basin.

'Water users in all three states desperately need something  that only the
federal government can give them,' Freeman  explained. 'And that's permits to
operate their water facilities,'  whether the permits concern new projects or
relicensing of  existing ones.

So, in a sense Colorado's interest, and Wyoming's and  Nebraska's, is to limit
the costs in time, money and heartburn to  water developers, according to Don
Ament, Colorado's agriculture  commissioner and the state's representative in
the negotiations.

'What Colorado is trying to do with the cooperative agreement  is make sure
water diverters - and that means the city of Denver,  irrigators,
recreationalists - don't have to individually go  through the long legal process
of endangered-species consultations  to verify what they intend to do won't harm
wildlife in the Grand  Island area.'

Another kind of cost Colorado hopes to avoid is a potential  fight with Nebraska
over the South Platte. Just last week,  Nebraska and Wyoming agreed to settle
their 15-year, $ 20 million  legal battle over water in the North Platte River.
Ament thinks it  would be 'crazy' not to work with Nebraska to head off a
lawsuit  over the South Platte.

The already-complicated talks got tougher recently after the  government
acknowledged that more water in the unnaturally  confined river channel could
actually degrade the shallow, sandy  habitat it's trying to restore.

'That was a disappointment,' Ament said.

The new considerations have forced the Fish and Wildlife  Service to again delay
publication of the project's  environmental-impact statement.

Not everyone is a fan of the effort. 'We are very, very  concerned because this
program is about prioritizing water away  from agriculture and to species,' said
Don Adams Jr., executive  director of Nebraskans First, a Lincoln group that
represents  irrigators.

'Eighty-five percent of Nebraskan agricultural lands are  irrigated,' he said.
'Irrigation water drives the economy. Truly,  it's the lifeblood of the state.'

Adams said Nebraska groundwater users will bear the brunt of  guaranteeing flows
in the river. And in Nebraska, water is not a  property right, so farmers could
lose a critical resource without  compensation, he said.

The new sediment requirements strike others as 'ridiculous,'  according to Ned
Meier, a Grand Island farmer. 'What they're  telling us is the water's too
clean,' said Meier. 'So now we have  to pollute the water to make it friendly
for habitat.'

Adams also charged that the federal government isn't doing  its part by properly
managing national forests in the headwaters,  a complaint Ament echoes. Thick
tree canopies on federal land in  major basins like the South Platte prevent
snow from getting to  the ground, Ament said. 'So it evaporates into the air,
instead of  running downhill into the rivers.'

While the big issues get hashed out, Fish and Wildlife  Service biologist Ken
Dinan, who runs the local Partners in  Wildlife program, is busy. Dinan and his
crews are cutting trees,  planting native grasses, digging out sloughs and
bulldozing sandy  islands back into the Platte near Kearney, Neb., to restore
waterfowl habitat.

That part of the overall program, at least, has been  well-received by farmers
along the river, who are lining up to  invite Dinan onto their land. The
government takes care of  permits, and the farmers can see how quickly the
waterfowl are  attracted to the remade riverbanks.

This year, his team will be working on more than 25 habitat  projects. Funding
comes from a host of partners, including the  Nebraska Environmental Trust and
the Platte River Whooping Crane  Maintenance Trust.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Special to The Denver Post/Michael
Forsberg/www.michaelforsberg.com Dozens of sandhill cranes stand in the shallow
waters of the Central Platte River at the Nebraska Audubon's Rowe Sanctuary in
Gibbon. Each year, half a million lesser and Canada sandhills visit the 90-mile
reach of the Platte's Big Bend, fully 80 percent of the species. PHOTO: Barrett
Stinson/Associated Press Colorado, Wyoming, Nebraska and the Department of
Interior are planning to manage the Platte watershed to ensure a minimum water
flow to protect the habitat of sandhill cranes and other wildlife.

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                          September 11, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ottawa produces $488 million in aid for mad cow crisis

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS/CAREERS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY (CP) -- The Canadian beef industry will get a further $488-million cash
injection from Ottawa to help it survive the mad cow crisis even if the crucial
United States market remains closed indefinitely.

The federal program, launched Friday, was immediately paired with another $230
million from Alberta.

But other provinces were not sure they could contribute.

Federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell, speaking in Calgary, said the
program has three goals:

- To increase slaughter capacity in Canada;

- To implement transition measures needed to sustain the industry while new
packing plants are built;

- To further develop foreign markets to reduce dependency on the U.S.

Mitchell said the plan moves away from previous government aid programs, which
assumed that cross-border cattle trade would resume.

"What we are seeking to do with today's announcement is to reposition the beef
industry so that it can return to profitability with or without a border
opening," said Mitchell, who was making three stops on the Prairies Friday.

The package includes a set-aside program, that will see ranchers paid for cattle
they hold back. This is to prevent the market from being flooded and causing
prices to drop.

There will also be money to help ranchers with cash-flow and financial issues.
There will be provisions for fast-tracking the development of new packing
plants.

A new program will pay farmers to cull 60,000 older cows and bulls that have
passed "normal productive life."

Millions of dollars and thousands of jobs have been lost since May 20, 2003,
when bovine spongiform encephalopathy -- also known as BSE or mad cow disease --
was diagnosed in one Alberta breeder cow.

The United States immediately closed its border to all beef products and live
cattle, as did more than 30 other countries. Some cuts of beef are now allowed
to flow south, but live cattle are still banned.

It's estimated the closure has cost the Canadian industry and rural communities
more than $6 billion. Federal and provincial governments had previously spent
$1.6 billion to help producers.

Historically, the United States has been the make-or-break market for Canadian
producers. In 2002, Canada exported $1.8 billion of beef products to the U.S.

But Dennis Laycraft, vice president of the Canadian Cattlemen's Association,
said the key to success lies in reducing dependency on live-cattle exports to
the U.S.

"This strategy is important in the event that the border doesn't open up
quickly," he said. "It also needs to be designed in the event the border does
open up."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ANDY MITCHELL: Three goals

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Deer Park Tribune (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 30, 2009

Look to Cuba to help our farm economy

BYLINE: PHILIP PETERS

LENGTH: 647  words


U.S. farm income will drop 38 percent this year due to global economic woes and
because "demand for exports has tailed off, with few options available to expand
marketing elsewhere," according to a Department of Agriculture report issued
last month.

Actually, there's a small but surefire option to boost American farm exports
that would not cost taxpayers a single dime: open up U.S. policy toward Cuba.

Congress made an exception to the Cuba embargo in 2000, allowing sales of U.S.
agricultural products to the communist island. Since 2002, Cuba has spent an
average of $373 million per year on American grain, poultry, cattle, products
for Cuban grocery stores, even telephone poles and newsprint.

But our exports are hampered by a tangle of red tape that the U.S. government
imposes on this small but promising market.

American shippers aren't allowed to move their product from a U.S. port until
Cuba has paid for the cargo.

Cuba isn't allowed to wire money to U.S. banks -- payments have to be sent
through third countries. This makes European bankers happy as they collect fees
for handling the transactions and changing money from one currency to another.

Cuban buyers and phytosanitary inspectors have rarely been given visas to enter
the United States to meet our farmers and vendors and to see our products.

And American companies are not permitted to extend credit to Cuba. Given Cuba's
debt troubles and payment record, it is questionable how much private credit
would be extended, and it would be wrong to risk U.S. taxpayer dollars in Cuba
through loans or export insurance. But by blocking American lenders from risking
their own money, Washington adds another impediment to U.S. exports.

Cuba is a natural market for American agriculture, with advantages in cost,
quality, and convenience. Cuban buyers recognize that -- but when they add up
all the conditions we impose, they see delay, inconvenience, difficult access,
and a few percentage points of cost that are unnecessarily added to their
purchases Reasonably enough, they also ask why we have a one-way trade policy
that doesn't allow Cuba to sell anything here.

These are all policies that, to date, President Obama has preserved even though
he says he wants to "recast" our relations with Havana.

Congressman Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) has introduced a common-sense bill that would
increase farm exports by normalizing the rules governing transactions.

Congressman William Delahunt (D-Mass.) has introduced a bill that would also
have an important impact on U.S. farm exports. His bill would end all
restrictions on American travel to Cuba.

American travelers -- religious and civic groups, sports teams, universities,
and even tourists -- will create a flow of information and ideas between our
countries and correct a mistaken foreign policy that pretends to extend American
influence while building a wall between our peoples. An open travel policy would
affect agriculture too: the revenues from American travelers will help Cuba's
strapped economy and lead to increased purchases of our farm products.

Together, these bills would make the United States a more reliable vendor and
Cuba a. stronger customer.

Cuba spent $1.8 billion on, agricultural imports last year -- more than three
times the amount it spent in 2000.

About one third of those imports come from America.

The U.S. International Trade Commission estimated last June that Cuba would buy
one half two thirds of its agricultural - imports from the United States we drop
the cumbersome rule governing transactions Cuba, end travel restrictions, and
allow private credit.

Those steps won't end the slump affecting American agriculture, but they are
long overdue steps that will benefit

American farmers, improve our foreign policy, and open doors tc 11 million of
our neighbors the south.

Philip Peters is vice president of the Lexington Institute in Arlington, Va.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPT

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2009 Deer Park Tribune


                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                 April 30, 2015

Women Are Yet to Benefit From Agricultural Transformation [interview]

BYLINE: Usman A. Bello

LENGTH: 1053 words

DATELINE: Lokoja


is the President, Women in Agriculture Cooperative Federation and the
Accelerated Rice Farmers Cooperative Unit in Kogi State. In this interview with
Daily Trust, she spoke on the accelerated rice production and challenges of
women farmers. Excerpts:

No at all, instead the production is improving. When we started in 2012, we
could not get much because it was a new programme but what we got the following
year was higher and in 2014, our yields were more than the previous year's. In
2015, I believe we would achieve much more than the previous years. Right now,
apart from what the state government is doing in accelerated rice production,
the federal government is also supporting farmers in the states.

The Accelerated Farmers' Cooperative Union in the state was formed on the
directive of the federal government which asked us to mobilise rural farmers and
form cooperatives so that they can assist us with loans and we have formed eight
cooperatives now. It is because of this that I told you that we would have 100
percent yield this time. So the production of rice is not going down in the
state.

Every good thing must have challenges, the challenges that we are facing now are
the weather condition because last season we experienced dryness leading to lack
of water on the farms. Secondly, quelea birds attack our farms, was so enormous
that farmers were crying over their losses. Some farmers that were expecting
about 100 bags could not get 20 bags. Another major challenge is lack of funds
because many of us have spent a lot of money on rice farming believing that we
would get the money back at harvest period but our expectations were dashed. But
now, the federal government has promised to help rice farmers access fund and we
are hoping that it would be a dream come true.

Yes, but the way we are going about it in this state is not helping the
situation because where the rice farms are located is very far from the River
Niger and with that it would be difficult work. The irrigation will only work
when water is channeled from the river to the farms and farmers have no money to
make the irrigation work on their own. Most of the irrigation talk is only on
papers. At Okumi farms, where the rice farms are located, in the first year,
government channelled water from the River Niger but by the second year, the
channels were filled with sand and government did not clear the channels. Last
year, some farmers ran away from the area due to lack of water for the crops.

We were using water pumping machines but they were not enough and because the
farmlands were not fully leveled, water cannot circulate everywhere. If the
government wants to help the farmers, they should level the farm land very well
so that water can flow all over the farm because we experienced that even when
we pump water into the farm, most of it still goes back to the river.

We get inputs through the Growth Enhancement Scheme (GES), because some of us
were registered three years ago under the programme. So every year we get our
inputs through the GES, But our problem with the GES is when the time comes,
they only give two weeks for us to redeem the inputs, like fertilisers and rice
seeds and because of the short period many of us would not be able to get money
to redeem the allocation within the period. During the last dry season farming,
we were expected to pay N10, 225 to redeem the three bags of fertilizer and rice
seed. The problem was how can a farmer raise such amount within such period?

The women are always ready to farm but the reason some of us are getting weak is
that women are not benefiting much from the agricultural transformation the way
we expected. We only hear about loans here and there but we have never gotten
the loan; we only keep hearing that women are getting loan from the governmentý.
We are not getting loan from the government here except the one that we arranged
by ourselves. When we started this rice farm, we spent our money believing that
we would be able to access loan but till this moment we have not been able to.

We are still expecting the loan. I could remember when the forms were out, those
that were collecting them were not farmers and we voiced out that farmers are
not being carried along in the collection of the forms. Then, Governor Idris
Wada stopped the process and told the Ministry of Agriculture that real farmers
must be carried along and it was as a result of this that more forms were
printed and we were able to obtain the forms. And immediately after that, the
commissioner left and a new one was appointed but the new commissioner now said
he wanted the real farmers to be carried along and that the money cannot be
disbursed the way it was initially arranged and that it is going to be N100,000
per farmerý. But till this moment, we are yet to get anything and we don't know
whether it is the bank that is delaying the loan or the Ministry of Agriculture.

We are the ones directly in charge of that loan for accelerated rice farmers'
cooperative. We have all collected the forms with over 2,000 farmers applying
for the loan. We are the ones holding ourselves on this because we have been
given a letter of offer from Sterling Bank. The reason I said we are the ones
holding ourselves is because of the equity contribution. We are to pay 25
percent equity contribution and we have talked to the bank which agreed on 10
percent and that 10 percent is not easy for us to get. The minimum loan to apply
for is N500,000 and 10 percent of it is N50,000.

The period we are now is difficult because we are looking for children's school
fees. We have talked to the government to help us pay the equity contribution
but that has not yielded any result yet. The loan is from the Central Bank hence
any time we pay our equity contribution we would get it.

My advice to women, men and youth farmers is that government or no government
agriculture must move on and so we should prepare to take agriculture as
business. Let us all rise to support agriculture to create employment for all. I
also call on the government to redeem all the pledges it made. Thought both the
federal and state governments have tried in agriculture but they have not moved
us to the desired point, they should take agriculture as number one and also
increase budget allocation to agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Agriculture: ABA Pushing for Increase In Guaranteed Farm Loans

                             August 9, 1999, Monday

By CRAIG WOKER


After months of studying the nation's farm crisis, the American Bankers
Association has released a report intended to help farmers-and their
bankers-weather future downturns.

At a news conference on Thursday, the ABA's Task Force on 21st Century
Agricultural Banking reiterated the need for the government to increase funding
of Agriculture Department guaranteed loans, to reform crop insurance laws, and
to improve rural access to capital.

Topping the task force's recommendations is increasing funding of the guaranteed
loan program, which ran out of money to lend in May before Congress approved
supplemental funding. These loans were crucial to restructuring farm debt last
year when the agricultural crisis began, said Dennis Everson, task force
chairman and senior vice president of First Dakota National Bank in Yankton,
S.D.

"Loans don't replace weak prices, but they do help bankers across the country
restructure debt and assist borrowers who are facing very meager cash flows,"
Mr. Everson said.

The ABA report is unrelated to the Senate's recent passage of $7.4 billion in
agricultural relief. But the ABA hopes its findings will help farmers deal with
frequent downturns in crop prices and demand.

In the first quarter, the rate of delinquent agricultural loans for purchases
other than real estate increased to 3.7%, from 3.2% a year earlier, said Keith
Leggett, the ABA's senior economist.

To help farmers deal with market ebbs and flows, the task force recommends
establishing voluntary "rainy day" savings accounts to which farmers could
contribute in prosperous times and draw from in weaker markets. Canada has a
similar program.

The recommendations also extend beyond farm banking. The task force says
small-business development centers could empower farmers and rural entrepreneurs
with business skills.

Among other suggestions:

Expand the Aggie bond program. Aggies are tax-exempt, low-interest bonds
available to farmers through banks in 15 states. The ABA is asking other states
to offer Aggie bonds as a way to encourage more people to enter the farming
industry.

Boost the U.S. conservation reduction program from 31 million acres of land to
40 million.

The government often removes acreage from production by paying farmers not to
work the land.

Removing an additional nine million acres would help reduce the crop surpluses
that have led to low prices.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY/REGIONAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 416 words

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                       June 30, 2002 Sunday Final Edition

G-8, Africa looking at a new future: Ideals in place to change a continent, says
G-8 expert. Now all that's needed is the political will to make it all happen

SOURCE: For The Calgary Herald

BYLINE: John Kirton

SECTION: Comment; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 1153 words

At the conclusion of the historic Kananaskis G-8 summit, Prime Minister Jean
Chretien released the impressively detailed Africa Action Plan.

Well-meaning pundits in the wealthy, largely white North were predictably quick
to dismiss it as lacking action, "woefully inadequate," offering not new, but
merely "warmed-over money" and "quite disappointing" at best.

But African leaders, brought in for the first time as full partners to the
summit, declared it is just what they need to build democracy and development
back home.

President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria said he is "satisfied." President
Aboulaye Wade of Senegal added he is optimistic it will work. UN Secretary
General Kofi Annan announced that the G-8's Africa Action plan is a good one.

Indeed, he went on to proclaim that because of it, the Kananaskis Summit marked
a historic turning point, but only if it produced what it promised in the years
to come.

The Africa Action Plan is the G-8's response to the Africans' own New Plan for
Africa's Development, or NEPAD, produced by the Africans last fall. It marked a
move from the old way of doing development, in which the rich North say they
alone know best and will tell the poor South what to do.

This time, the democratic leaders of the most powerful African countries said
they will take ownership of their own future and invent their own plans.

It puts the principles of peace, order and good governance in first place, as
the essential foundation on which lasting economic and social development will
be based.

To ensure principles are reliably translated into practice, they will create a
process of peer review in which Africans will assess their fellow Africans to
identify the countries and programs where the new money will flow.

To raise the necessary resources -- an additional $64 billion US each year --
they will no longer rely on northern governments to hand out international
welfare cheques, but will start with their own money to mobilize the global
marketplace and the foreign direct investment and export markets it brings.

In order to get a quick start, they needed their new G-8 partners to confirm
they, too, shared the Africans' new philosophy and priorities, and were prepared
to produce the additional debt relief and official development assistance
needed.

Led first by Paul Martin and British chancellor of the Exchequor Gordon Brown,
and then by John Manley and his G-7 colleagues at their meeting at Halifax in
mid June, agreement was reached that an additional $1 billion US was needed to
top up funds and relieve the debt of the world's poorest countries, and allow
the highly indebted poor countries initiative to proceed.

As most of these countries are African, those G-8 countries with the longest and
strongest ties to Africa, sought to produce a plan that would have a generous
share of the new resources flow to those particular African countries they were
closest to.

The G-8 leaders at Kananaskis found it relatively easy to say yes to the needed
money.

At Kananaskis, G-8 and African leaders made history by coming together as equals
to plot the path ahead.

The G-8 itself made history by producing a new $6- billion US package of
development assistance for Africa -- by far the largest ever assembled in
G-7/G-8 history for any region of the poor South.

Critics complain that the $6-billion pledge was an aggregate total and could be
met by some G-8 members doing more and others doing less, rather than each
member paying exactly the same share.

This is a legitimate worry for those concerned about passing the buck among
countries in the North.

But, to those concerned about Africa receiving the monies it needs, it is clear
that the total is adequate.

Others complained the money has not been offered with iron-clad guarantees,
presumably in the form of a blank cheque or unmarked bills, to be spent on
whatever the recipients want, from educating young girls to invading one's
neighbours, to buying new luxury presidential jets.

By making the continued flow conditional on ongoing good performance, the
African democratic pioneers have a powerful argument in persuading other
Africans to follow them, and to inspire northern taxpayers to give even more.

With the money from official development assistance offered up front, the action
plan moved to specify the purposes on which it would be spent.

First are measures to end the conflict and accompanying genocide that has
destroyed any hope for building democracy and development in too many African
states.

Then comes good governance, according to global standards rather than only G-8
ones, and in ways that give women a full and equal place.

With a democratic foundation constructed, there are promises to help Africans
trade and attract foreign direct investment, and to do so in ways that preserves
Africa's abundant human and natural wealth.

After chapters on debt relief and education in the Africa plan, come major
statements on combating HIV/AIDs, and dealing with agriculture and water.

The passages on agriculture restore hope to those many starving Africans
abandoned by the United Nations when its recent World Food Summit in Rome ended
in failure amidst the tiresome but now obsolete rituals of the old North-South
divide.

The chapter on water highlights its critical role as a public goal essential for
life.

Nowhere does it say, as some critics had feared it would, that the privatization
of Africa's water systems is the primary new direction in which Africans should
go.

The G-8 also did much to respect UN Secretary General Annan's wise reminder that
promises made are only worth something if they are translated into promises
kept.

The G-8 leaders have given their personal representatives for Africa a new
mandate, and said they will review progress on their Africa Action Plan at the
next summit, next year in France. Its host, President Jacques Chirac, declared
he will focus that summit on African development as its centrepiece theme.

But even those most willing to join Senegal's President Wade in optimistically
giving the G-8 and its Africa Action Plan the benefit of the doubt, may well
wonder why the G-8 itself did not institute its own process of peer review to
ensure that each member live up to the promises made.

They may also wonder when France, so impressed with Canada's new model for
summitry, will issue the invitation to the African leaders to come to the next
summit as full partners to tell the G-8 leaders if they have kept their word.

John Kirton is Director of the G8 Research Group and research associate of the
Centre for International Studies at the University of Toronto.

He has advised the Canadian government on G-7 participation and written widely
on G-7/8 summitry. For information on the G-8, please visit the G8 Information
Centre at www.g8.utoronto.ca and G8 Online at www.g8online.org

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: (See hard copy for illustration).

TYPE: Opinion

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Research Substantiates that Saturated Buffers at Field Scale do Reduce Nitrates
from Subsurface Field Drainage Systems

LENGTH: 686  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   The Agricultural Drainage Management Coalition (ADMC), Agricultural Drainage
Management Systems Task Force and Dr. Dan Jaynes with the National Laboratory
for Agricultural & The Environment collaborated to demonstrate and evaluate
saturated buffers at field scale to reduce nitrates and phosphorus from
subsurface field drainage systems.







 With many of the row-crop agriculture fields in the Midwest being located
adjacent to ditches, streams, rivers and lakes, it is no surprise that nutrient
transport from agriculture lands is a major concern. Large areas of the Midwest
are intensively tile drained and it is assumed that many of the vegetated
buffers adjacent to waterways are being under-utilized, because the tile outlets
quickly move large amounts of subsurface flow past the buffer and into the
receiving waterway without any opportunity for treatment by the buffer.



 The project collaborators sought to demonstrate and evaluate the effectiveness
of a new conservation practice commonly referred to as a Saturated Buffer (SB).
The goal of a SB system is to hydrologically reconnect a subsurface drainage
outlet with an edge-of-field buffer. This practice takes advantage of both the
denitrification and plant nutrient uptake opportunities that are known to exist
in buffers with perennial vegetation.



 To accomplish the goals of this demonstration project, fifteen monitoring sites
were selected in four different states (IA, IL, IN, and MN). A variety of site
characteristics, not all considered "ideal", were chosen to demonstrate the
effectiveness of the practice if implemented at a large scale. This also
afforded the opportunity to explore why some sites had SB systems that were more
effective at removing nutrients than others.  Water flow rates from the
subsurface drainage systems were monitored, and water samples for nitrate and
phosphorous analysis were taken from September 2012 through September 2015.



 The data from this study confirm that, when proper site conditions and design
considerations are met, the SB practice can be an effective method for reducing
nitrate transport from subsurface drainage systems. Phosphorus loads, however,
appear to be generally unaffected by this practice.



 Furthermore, using the ultra conservative estimates for the cost of
installation for the sites that proved effective in removing nitrate, assuming a
50 year effective lifespan for these installations, and a 4% inflation rate or
cost of money, the costs ranged from $0.55 to $4.64/lbs-N with an average of
$2.13/lbs-N removed. This compares to $1.38/lbs -N for denitrification
bioreactors, $5.06/lbs - N for nitrate removal wetlands and $3.21/lbs - N for
rye cover crops (tile drained acres). (Source: IL Nutrient Loss Reduction
Strategy). Thus, given the conservative cost estimates derived in this study,
the effective saturated buffers had a cost range similar to these other field
edge practices and much less than fall-planted cover crops. In addition, the
practice takes no more land out of production than already used for the riparian
buffer.



 The following list contains some insights about the site selection process that
were gained from this research:



     Get in the channel and walk the section of ditch/stream where the proposed
saturated buffer will go, preferably when the water level is at base flow or
lower. Look for and mark all outlets.

     Verify the tile system you are intercepting has a large enough drainage
area to justify the cost of installing a saturated buffer treatment system.

     In addition to using soil maps, take soil cores to verify high organic
matter and lack of coarse materials within the buffer.

     Sites with shallow ditches that are frequently flooded may not produce
satisfactory results.





 To view the full research report and find additional information and videos
pertaining to saturated buffer systems, please visit
www.saturatedbufferstrips.com



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Islamic Finance Asia (english)

                                October 7, 2013

Asia: An intriguing proposition

LENGTH: 739  words


Markets move according to sentiment. Wherever investor confidence is high, the
money is sure to flow. NAZNEEN HALIM discovers how Asia has become a source of
comfort to GCC investors particularly in the Shariah compliant space.


According to a study by the Economist Intelligence Unit, Asia will become the
most important emerging market region for the GCC in the coming years. The total
trade between ASEAN and the Gulf was valued at $83.25 billion in 2010, up from
$67.3 billion in 2009, marking a 24% growth. In the ASEAN region alone, exports
reached US$20.1 billion in 2010, while imports reached US$63.1 billion. This,
coupled with an intense push for Islamic investments and Shariah compliant
products in Asia, particularly in Malaysia, Indonesia, Central Asia and Hong
Kong, is expected to further boost the presence of GCC investors in the
continent.



Infrastructure, real estate, technology, oil and gas and agriculture investments
have been ear-marked as Asia's hottest selling points to the GCC, with a handful
of sovereign funds from Qatar and Abu Dhabi already pledging billions of
dollars-worth of projects in these areas. Sheikh Hamad bin Faisal bin Thani
al-Thani, chairman and managing director of Al Khaliji Bank said: "Economic
power has shifted eastwards to the GCC region and ASEAN countries; we are the
focus of global investments now." Asia's growing population has also laid the
grounds for a boom in consumer banking, and it is evident from the spate of
products being offered by Islamic banks that there are numerous opportunities in
this area.

A report by the Gulf Research Center has also highlighted the need for GCC
countries to step up ties with Asian countries, particularly in the agriculture
sector. By the year 2030, the population of the GCC is expected to double to 60
million, raising concerns in terms of food supply. In Saudi Arabia alone, 15% of
the kingdom's expenditure is allocated to food import and these numbers are no
doubt expected to rise. Several countries within Central Asia and South Asia
have been identified as potential sources of raw products such as wheat and
rice, and governments within the GCC are keen to tap into these markets through
strengthened business relations and investments.

Another key area worth elucidating is trade and Islamic trade finance, which
facilitates investment flows between countries. The understanding between Asia's
most powerful economies; which also happen to be heavily invested in Islamic
finance, and the GCC region through alliances within the OIC are not to be
ignored, say market experts.

Capitalizing on this, Asiya Investments which has a presence in Hong Kong and is
owned by the Kuwait China Investment Company, launched an Asia Trade Finance
Fund in May this year, worth US$20 million in an effort to facilitate
cross-border trade flows between Asia and the Middle East. The fund aims to play
on the shortage of opportunities for GCC Islamic investors who are seeking an
attractive income stream and lower risk profiles.

Sulaiman Alireza, executive director of Asiya Investments Hong Kong said: "GCC
investors are eager to step up their exposure to the growing Asian Exonomies as
many of them are currently under-allocated to the region. At the same time, they
are seeking lower risk strategies." He added that annual intra-Asia trade is
expected to quadruple by 2020 to US$20 trillion, while GCC trade with Asia is
growing at a rate of 25% a year. Medium-sized companies especially are said to
be missing out of US dollar funding, following the ongoing shortage.

Other market players also share Sulaiman's sentiments, on Asia being an
under-allocated sector by global investors at present. Ahmad Al-Hamad, group
managing director of Asiya Investments commented: "The increasing strength of
trade and investment ties between the GCC and Asian economies offers GCC
investors attractive investment opportunities in sectors such as energy,
financial services, real estate, technology and healthcare, while at the same
time providing solutions for the financing of Asia's much-needed
infrastructure." He also added that Chinese companies have been actively
boosting Asian investments into the GCC through the commitment of capital into
Gulf-based construction projects. "The GCC is also an important consumer of
Asian goods, with imports doubling in the last two decades, helping to cement
this strategic alliance for the 21st century," Ahmad said.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: 361


                         Copyright 2013 REDmoney Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday

Banks urged to adopt agri financing as viable business activity

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


    The banks must adopt agricultural financing as a viable business activity
for the development of the agriculture sector in the country.  This was sated
by Muhammad Ashraf Khan, Executive Director, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP)while
presiding over a one-day 'Farmers' Financial Literacy & Awareness Program on
Agricultural Financing,' which was jointly organized by State Bank and Habib
Bank Ltd yesterday at NRSP Training Center, Bahawalpur.  , he said the
agriculture sector has a key role in country's economy and stressed the need
for making necessary finances available to farmers for multiple cropping
activities. He outlined SBP's efforts for creating awareness amongst the
farming community and developing capacity of commercial banks through its
various training and awareness programmes.  Prof. Dr. Muhammad Mukhtar, Vice
Chancellor, Islamia University Bahalwalpur, who was the Chief Guest at the
inaugural session, appreciated State Bank's initiative to promote farmers'
financial literacy and stressed the need to synergise the efforts of all
stakeholders to improve access to credit especially to the agriculture sector.
He said that academia can play an important role in improving credit culture
and in creating awareness among the farming community.  Dr. Saeed Ahmed, Head,
Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department, SBP said the programme is
aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about agriculture
financing products & services offered by banks, money management techniques and
 lending procedures, documentations, etc.  Besides, it would also develop
capacity of agriculture field officers of banks in agri. financing and
synergize the efforts of all stakeholders including policy makers, executing
agencies, service providers & farming community to improve access to
agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional initiatives and
policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent increase in the
flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs. 137.4 billion in 2005-06 to
Rs. 263 billion in 2010-11.  However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging
growth, the disbursement to the agriculture sector was around 40% of the total
estimated credit requirements. 'SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to
 70-80 percent during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by
adopting a multipronged strategy,' he added.    The inaugural session was
followed by a technical session for the agricultural credit staff of banks in
which senior officials of SBP and HBL made detailed presentations on dynamics
of agriculture finance and related policies. The purpose of this session was to
 train the agriculture finance officials of banks enabling them to conduct
farmers' financial literacy programs at their end and to share the best
practices in agriculture lending with the participants.  A farmers' session was
 also held to educate the farming community about the products and services
offered by financial institutions, their rights and duties as customers of
financial institutions, consumer protection as well as money management skills
to enable them to use their limited financial resources in a prudent manner.
This session was attended by a large gathering of farmers from adjoining areas
of Bahawalpur. The officials of SBP and senior management of HBL present on the
 occasion responded to various queries raised by the local farming community
and apprised them about the future plans/initiatives for improving access to
agriculture finance.  The program was attended, among others, by Mr. Khadim
Hussain, Chief Manager, SBP BSC Bahawalpur, bankers, officials of Agriculture
Extension Department and farmers' representatives, besides other senior
officials of SBP and SBP BSC, Bahawalpur.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

WINERIES across the state will...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 190 words


WINERIES across the state will receive up to $25,000 to upgrade and diversify
their cellar door experiences.

Forty-four wineries - in the Adelaide Hills, Barossa Valley, Clare Valley,
Langhorne Creek, McLaren Vale, Riverland, Padthaway, Mount Gambier, Robe and
Southern Fleurieu - will receive a total of $988,505.

The funding comes as part of the state government's $1 million Cellar Door
Grants Program.

Agriculture, Food and Fisheries Minister Leon Bignell said the South Australian
Wine Industry Development Scheme would help ensure growth in the state's wine
sector and cement SA's reputation as a world-leading producer of premium wine.

"We are also giving money to wine regions so they can fund projects that will
boost their profile and improve their standing in the global marketplace," he
said.

"The benefits of these projects will flow to grapegrowers, winemakers,
individual wine brands, culinary tourism operations, restaurants, food and wine
event organisers, and our regional communities."

SA's wine sector made exceptional gains in 2015-16 - generating almost $2.11
billion in revenue, up nearly $330 million on the previous year.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 5, 1988, Thursday, City Edition

Panel to hear Japan quota dispute

BYLINE: LARRY KING

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 676 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



WASHINGTON - In a struggle that could reap a vast new market for    Florida's
billion-dollar citrus industry, U.S. Trade Representative    Clayton Yeutter is
stepping up his fight against Japanese import    quotas.

     Piqued by stubborn Japanese negotiators, Yeutter is taking his case    to
an international regulatory body that seems apt to condemn Japan's    limits on
orange and beef imports. Once that happens, Japan would be    forced to either
scrap the quotas or face retaliation from its trading    partners.

     Late Tuesday night, Yeutter and Japanese officials reached an    impasse
and broke off five days of trade talks here. Wednesday morning,    Yeutter
blamed the deadlock on Japanese rigidity.

     "It takes two to tango and we need a partner on the dance floor,"    he
said. "There wasn't much tangoing going on the last five days."

     Four years ago, the Japanese pledged in a trade agreement to lift    citrus
and beef quotas by March 31 of this year. They didn't, though,    and the caps
remain in effect.

     According to U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) estimates, an    d d
additional $ 100-million to $ 200-million in oranges and orange juice    could
flow into Japan once quotas are removed. Lifting beef    restrictions could add
$ 1-billion in sales to that industry, the USDA    said.

     How much of the citrus windfall would land in Florida's pocket is    still
unclear.

     So far, the state hasn't been much of a factor. Last year, for    instance,
Japan imported about $ 120-million in fresh oranges, but    almost all of them
came from California. Likewise, most of Japan's    $ 20-million in 1987 orange
juice imports came from Brazil, not Florida.

     And the Japanese don't drink orange juice the way Americans do.

 Annual per capita consumption in the United States is almost five    gallons,
while the average Japanese drinks less than a gallon each    year.

     On the other hand, Japan is Florida's largest foreign consumer of    fresh
grapefruit and grapefruit juice, on which there are no quotas.

 And Florida's famed citrus-marketing wizards haven't had the chance yet    to
boost Japanese affinity for the orange.

      "We would like to spend some money on developing those markets,"    said
Don Farmer, deputy executive director of the Florida Department of    Citrus.
"We know that market can be developed, but we are hesitant to    spend the money
when there's a quota system staring us in the face."

     Japan produces only a small, tangerine-like orange, yet its citrus
quotas are decades old. And Japanese farmers, fearful of losing their    market,
have put strong pressure on their government to keep the quotas    intact.

     Yeutter said the Japanese were unyielding when he tried to bargain    with
them this week. He even offered a two-year phaseout of the citrus    quotas
(three years for beef), but the Japanese refused.

     "I can assure you that my patience as a negotiator has come to the    end,"
Yeutter said Wednesday. "I am no longer going to negotiate with    myself on
this issue."

     The dispute now goes before a panel to be appointed under the    General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), an international pact    that governs
world trade. Recent U.S.-Japan disputes taken to GATT have    all gone against
Japan, and both sides have said they expect the same    result this time.

     Yeutter said he hopes the added pressure will force the Japanese    back to
the bargaining table. But whether the dispute is settled that    way or through
GATT condemnation, he said it should be solved this    year.

     "We have tried to be accommodating ...," he said, and if GATT    rules
against the Japanese, "we will be a lot harder to deal with."



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Why Gulf money did not flow into agriculture?

LENGTH: 907  words

DATELINE: Karachi


DURING the 2007-08 global rush for farmland acquisitions, Saudi Arabia and the
UAE were widely reported to have acquired thousands of acres of cultivable area
in Pakistan to produce food for their needs. Today, there is no mention in the
media of any such project having come to fruition.

Several theories have since been floated to explain why Gulf FDI did not flow
into the country's agricultural sector. A report published by Middle East
Institute on October 2, makes an extensive probe into why the ambitious plans
turned into a mirage. It comes to the conclusion that food security cannot be
achieved by Arab states by investing in farmlands in foreign countries,
particularly the ones suffering from food insecurity themselves.

What happened in Sudan is a case in point where despite extraordinary publicity
given to Gulf investments in Sudanese agriculture, hardly any production has
taken place. Even exporting back food from that country, when it is produced,
looks uncertain as it suffers from food shortage itself.

The author of the report, Robert Looney, says he found official records
regarding agricultural investments in Pakistan quite 'sketchy and the facts
elusive'. It is not clear 'how much land was available to investors, the number
of hectares sold or leased so far, and who is in fact doing the investing in
Pakistan'
Some factors discouraging land acquisitions by foreigners in the changed
circumstances included stabilisation of world food prices after the 2008 spike.
World food prices fell to their lowest since August 2010 in September 2014

A World Bank report in 2011 on growing global interest in buying lands also
found no evidence of a single Arab-financed agricultural project in Pakistan
having materialised, even though it ranked second to Sudan in terms of announced
Gulf investments in agriculture. Nor, evidence of any investment was found on
GRAIN website which records media reports about such projects.The authorities
did not allow data collection because of political sensitivities surrounding
land ownership in the country.

In the wake of global recession in 2007-08, riots erupted in many developing
countries following a steep rise in prices of food grains. This led to a ban on
exports of staple food commodities by exporting countries, causing great
consternation among the Arab Gulf states that largely depended on food imports
to meet their needs. The reports of land deals, which the Pakistani authorities
neither denied nor confirmed, appeared logical under the circumstances because
there was little likelihood of expansion in agricultural land in Saudi Arabia
and the Gulf states and the only option seen for them, when even imports were
uncertain, was to grow food crops such as rice, wheat, sugar, and fodder on
lands in other countries. Saudis even phased out local production of wheat and
other crops to save the country's scarce water resources. Now Saudi Arabia may
become dependent on imported wheat by 2016.

Seeing a win-win situation for both sides. Pakistan, seeking to make its vast
cultivable wasteland productive, was waiting for such an opportunity. All of
these crops with foreign demand were suited to Pakistani soil and climate. The
government began staging 'farmland road shows' across the Gulf region and
offering tax exemptions, duty-free equipment imports, exemption from labour laws
and 100pc land ownership in special free zones. The government reportedly even
offered to provide a 100,000-strong security force to protect investors. The
major land deals that Pakistani media reported were:

In 2008, Abraaj Capital and other UAE companies acquired 800,000 acres of
farmland in Pakistan with the support of the UAE government. Other UAE firms
interested in investing in land included the Emirates Investment Group and the
Abu Dhabi Group.

In 2009, a UAE group acquired about 16,187 hectares of land in Balochistan
pro­vince for an estimated $40m. They wanted to begin mechanized farming on the
land.

The Qatar Meat and Livestock Company (Mawashi) was reported in 2011 to have
spent $1bn in corporate farming in Pakistan. It negotiated with the Sindh
government to lease around 12,140 hectares in Shikarpur, Larkana, and Sukkur.

Saudi Arabia wanted to lease 500,000 or more acres of land to grow grain and
vegetables for the Saudi market.

Some factors discouraging land acquisitions in the changed circumstances
included stabilisation of world food prices after the 2008 spike. World food
prices fell to their lowest since August 2010 in September 2014.

Another factor is the potential political and social instability that large
exports of food from foreign-owned Pakistani farms to the Gulf might
precipitate. A case in point is Madagascar, where a land deal contributed to
widespread political instability and eventually in a change of government.

Pakistan's food insecurity is quite evident from the Economist Intelligence
Unit's (EIU) Index of Food Security. Pakistan ranked 76 (2012), 76 (2013) and 77
(2014). The country scored particularly low in affordability ranking and
consistently low in food availability ranking.

However, Pakistan is now turning to agribusiness rather than land sales as a
means of luring Gulf investment. The Securities and Exchange Commission of
Pakistan enrolled 19 companies in corporate farming in January this year. Most
of them are in seed, poultry and feed businesses. It is, however, not clear if
any of them plans to invest in the crop sector.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                               September 10, 2008

Roscommon IFA calls for immediate aid for Arigna- Geevagh farmers

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 918 words


The Chairman of Roscommon IFA County Executive, Mr Bernard Donohue has called on
the relevant Ministers to seek aid for the farmers affected by the landside and
flooding which caused thousands of euros worth of damage in the Arigna/Geevagh
area.

He said Roscommon IFA was carrying out a full analysis of the farm losses caused
to farmers in this area. Mr Donohue was speaking after a public meeting in
Keadue where individual farmers outlined the damage caused to their farms by the
bad weather.

"Around 50 farmers attended the meeting and reported significant damage to their
farms from silt and rock covering their land to fences being knocked by the
flooding," Mr Donohue said.

He added that farmers in the region were submitting forms to the IFA Office,
Roscommon, outlining their individual losses and that on receipt of this
information the IFA would then be in a position to submit an overall figure on
the losses to government.

He said that Minister Michael Finneran, who was in attendance at the meeting,
gave a commitment to raise the matter at government level.

"There has been no money spent on our waterways or rivers so it is no surprise
that this happened. Just EUR 380 million was spent nationally on the maintenance
of our waterways compared to billions of euros on our road and rail network.
This will continue to happen unless our rivers and waterways are maintained," Mr
Donohue said.

Meanwhile serious concern at the devastation being caused to rural Ireland in
recent weeks, due to rising water levels and floods across many part of the
country, has been expressed by IFA Connacht VicePresident Mr Michael Silke.

Mr Silke said that he could only describe "Government's paralysed response to
the situation as deplorable. Everyone is happy to sit back watch houses,
farmyards, livestock and wildlife become decimated and blame it all on climate
change.

"Almost two years ago the Office of Public Works announced the commencement of a
landmark flood management programme for the River Shannon to address the ongoing
flooding problems by moving the water through the river more efficiently.

"The failure to lift one shovel to commence these works now leaves the rural
communities of Leitrim, Roscommon, Galway, Westmeath, East Clare, Offaly and
Limerick in a deplorable state. Furthermore the threat to the wildlife community
is so great that the corncrake and other endangered species may well become
extinct arising from these latest floods," said Mr Silke.

"The State needs to urgently introduce a national flood management plan, which
includes the environmental management of the rivers and streams, which for years
have being both neglected and ignored. In addition to this the OPW must commence
the River Shannon management programme," concluded Mr Silke.

Meanwhile the IFA has also called on the Government to immediately put in place
a six-point action plan to alleviate the mounting losses facing farmers as a
result of the wettest August on record. Widespread flash flooding in many areas
has resulted in significant damage to crops, grazing lands and severe disruption
to the harvesting of silage and hay.

IFA Deputy President Derek Deane said: "Already serious cash flow problems are
developing on many farms due to crop losses and the early housing of animals,
resulting in higher feed costs. The poor weather has also brought building
investment works on farms to a virtual standstill."

Mr Deane pointed out that the early payout of direct payments and flexibility
under various schemes would be a cost neutral response by the Government, but
would significantly improve cash flow and provide farmers with more time to get
important work done.

Mr Deane called on the Government to: bring forward to early September the
payout of Single Farm Payments to all farmers; immediately payout disadvantaged
area payments to over 100,000 farmers; immediately issue all REPS payments due
this year, including farmers who are due to be paid under REPS 4; allow
additional time for slurry spreading by REPS farmers to October 15th (spreading
would normally be completed by the end of August); extend the end of year
deadline for completion of work under the Farm Waste Management Scheme due to
the disruption of building work and introduce environmental management plans for
major rivers to reduce the risk of flooding in catchments, with targeted
measures to improve controls of water flow.

In addition, the IFA deputy president called for a relaxation of credit terms by
lending institutions to take account of the serious harvesting difficulties
faced by cereal growers.

On the same issue Deputy Denis Naughten has called on Agriculture Minister
Brendan Smith to conduct a tour to appraise himself of the difficulties facing
farmers in the Shannon catchment as a result of recent flooding. Deputy Naughten
said many such farmers could not afford to repair the damage or replace lost
fodder because of the impact of flooding.

"The Environment Minister has at least visited Carlow to inspect the damage
caused by flooding. It's time the Agriculture Minister was also on the ground
taking stock of the impact on farmers," stated Deputy Naughten. "The Department
of Agriculture will know through its local office that many areas throughout
County Roscommon have been badly hit by flooding and the Minster should appraise
himself of the difficulties now facing these farmers.

"We need to know that the Agriculture Minister is up to speed and aware of the
harsh realities farmers are facing," said Deputy Naughten.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

No guarantees for state's ag colleges

BYLINE:  Stuart Cumming

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 240  words


MINISTER for Agriculture John McVeigh says he cannot guarantee the future of the
Australian Agriculture College Corporation after receiving auditor Ernst and
Young's review of its financial situation.

"This review, commissioned by Department of Agriculture Fisheries and Forestry,
found AACC is in a dire financial situation and forecast to lose as much as $6.8
million this financial year," Mr McVeigh said.

He said the corporation had not operated profitably since it was formed in 2005
and would run out of money by the end of the year.

"Management and financial reporting has been appalling."

Mr McVeigh said he would keep all of the campuses running until the end of the
year so current students could finish their courses.

"The corporation is simply bleeding cash, so I have to stem the flow.

"In the coming weeks and months I will be meeting and consulting with industry,
community and education leaders to discuss all options for our ag colleges."

Mr McVeigh said plans for boarding arrangements at Dalby State High School would
not be affected.

Queensland Farmers Federation CEO Dan Galligan said it was clear the future of
the state's agricultural training structures was at a tipping point.

"The State Government must make a firm commitment to its support for
agricultural training in partnership with industry and farmers," Mr Galligan
said.

"We also call on Minister McVeigh and Minister Langbroek to commit to working
with industry."

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                           March 3, 1989, Friday, ME2

$2.5 MILLION ADVANCED TO HURTING GRAPE GROWERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 243 words


   The Ontario government has advanced $2.5 million to Ontario's grape growers
and asked Ottawa to quickly match that amount.

Agriculture Minister Jack Riddell made the announcement yesterday on the final
day of the legislative session. He said banks were no longer extending lines of
credit to many farmers unless some money started to flow back.

"Our farmers could not afford to wait," he said.

In December, Queen's Park and Ottawa agreed on a joint $100 million, 12-year
adjustment program for grape growers who could be hard hit by California
competition under the free trade agreement with the United States.

Under the provisions of the trade deal, Canadian provinces must begin to reduce
price markups on imported U.S. wines this year by 25 per cent and eliminate them
in seven years.

The markups were initiated to prevent Ontario's 900 grape growers and 20
wineries from stiff foreign competition. Ontario has agreed to reduce the
markups over 12 years.

Yesterday, Riddell told reporters he is frustrated that Ottawa has not acted yet
on the adjustment agreement.

The $2.5 million is only a stop-gap measure until the adjustment program details
are worked out, Riddell said.

It represents Ontario's share of price support payments which are used to close
the gap between wineries' purchase price of grapes as defined by California
grape growers and the price negotiated by the Ontario Grape Marketing Board.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Cowra Guardian

                                August 20, 2015

Rounding up what Free Trade Agreements could deliver for Cowra

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 515  words


Free Trade Agreements (FTA) have been in the spotlight recently, with Cowra
mayor Bill West discussing their impact at a CENTROC meeting in Canberra last
week.

"There is significant potential for free trade agreements across the region,
including Cowra, however we need to get some understanding as to how we can tap
into FTAs and how they can impact on Cowra and various industries specifically,"
Cr West said.

While Cr West said several details need to be further developed and a timeframe
for the implication of FTAs in Cowra is yet to be established, several local
industries would benefit.

"The cherry industry in Young is one that could benefit and potentially the meat
industry in Cowra and the surrounding region. The horticulture and dairy
industry in Cowra could also benefit but we just need to work out exactly how- a
lot of it is about the size of the contracts required and the scale and capacity
required to enter a Free Trade Agreement," Cr West said.

"I just hope that the Federal and State Government can deliver some of these
promises rather than it turn into another great idea that lacks direction."

Member for Hume, Angus Taylor also visited a Yass cattle producer's property
this week to hear first hand how free trade agreements are benefiting exporters.

The Prime Minister was also in attendance, along with Trade Minister Andrew Robb
and Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce.

Mr Taylor said the recently signed China Australia Free Trade Agreement (ChAFTA)
would bring 'unprecedented  opportunities' for producers such as the Abbeys in
Yass.

"Regions like ours - our investment, our jobs - are dependent on these
agreements. Everyone is beating a path to China's door," Mr Taylor said.

"New Zealand did their deal with China years ago which has revolutionised their
dairy sector. Now it's Australia's turn to reap the benefits that only an FTA
can deliver."

Trade Minister Andrew Robb congratulated the Abbeys on what they had achieved.

"It's a great sign of the confidence in the rural sector - these cattle behind
us have gone up in value every month for the past seven or eight months," Mr
Robb said.

"On the China Free Trade Agreement, the union scare campaign is a misplaced,
misleading, lying campaign.

"And all it's going to do is cost Australians who are making these sorts of
investments and taking risks. The Free Trade Agreement with China is fundamental
to the success of Rowena and Brendan and thousands of farmers across the country
in all sorts of areas of agriculture."

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce said the flow on benefits from FTAs were
widespread.

"It's not just the Abbeys who are making a buck, it's the meatworkers - and
there are about 45,000 people employed in our meat processing industry - it's
the IT people, the people in trade, another 150,000 people who are in the jobs
created by these opportunities," Minister Joyce said.

"We are going to keep making sure that the money flows back through Yass,
through Roma, through Coonamble, through Collins Street and Martin Place.

This is how you get an economy going and this is how you make a difference."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Over Rs 9000 crore deposited in district co-op banks in 5 days post
demonetisation

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: BANKING

LENGTH: 398 words


THANE: Deposits totalling over Rs 9,000 crore were made in select district
central cooperative banks (DCCBs) across 17 states between November 10 and 15.
The government's

demonetisation

decision kicked in on November 9. Perennially ailing with accumulated losses and
large non-performing assets, DCCBs suddenly mopped up over Rs 147 crore in the
demonetised Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.Once the flow of deposits into the
politically controlled outfits was noticed, policymakers at North Block and the
RBI

barred DCCBs from accepting any more deposits of the scrapped notes. However,
according to experts, the five-day window clearly proved enough for those with
connections in DCCBs to convert their unaccounted for wealth into the new notes.
Also read: Live news reports and developments on demonetisation from across the
nation "For many years, DCCBs have been hunting grounds for politicians who open
accounts in the name of farmers and use them for money laundering,'' former
NABARD managing director Dr K G Karmakar said.Officials have particularly
expressed surprise about the deposits of over Rs 1,800 crore in Kerala, where
agriculture is on the brink of collapse."The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve
marginal farmers and small businesses. It is worth investigating how these
loan-dependent depositors deposited Rs 1,810 crore in a matter of five days," a
top bureaucrat told TOI.Ditto in Punjab, whose 20-plus DCCBs recorded deposits
of Rs 1,268 crore. Maharashtra, which has seen a steady decline in the
cooperative movement and politicisation of district-level banks, ranked third
highest, with deposits of Rs 1,128 crore between November 10 and 14."Farmers in
Maharashtra are consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay loan sharks...
The deposits reveal how the institution of the DCCB has once again been
exploited by political overlords," a top official from the state agriculture
department said.Speaking of the RBI's decision to ban DCCBs from depositing or
exchanging the demonetised notes, a decision that has sparked protests and also

been challenged in court

, Karmakar added, "This was the best decision RBI could take as it not only
curbed money laundering, but also the circulation of counterfeit notes. Many of
these small banks do not have the facilities to identify counterfeit bills,
which hikes the fraudulent activities further."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday

Self-sufficiency fortifies nation

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Oct. 2 -- The country is proudly moving ahead as an independent and
sovereign state. Agriculture is the backbone of the country in the way forward
to development. No country can influence if Sri Lanka is self sufficient with
agriculture, Agriculture Minister Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena said.

The Minister was addressing students who completed an agriculture diploma course
at the Gannoruwa Genetic Plants Resources Centre. The diploma course was
conducted in the three languages and around 200 students were awarded with
certificates and medals.

Countries with a strong agrarian economy are not exposed to any outside threats
coming in diverse ways endangering the sovereignty of the country, he said.

People who have no way of gaining an income other than from agriculture will be
exempted from the income tax, Agriculture Minister Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena
said.

Tax relief will be effected for five years. The proposal on the tax free package
has been prepared and sent for the President's approval, he said.

"We pump up a huge amount to foreign countries to import foods. Now, a social
dialog has emerged to stop this flow of money and produce foods in our own
soil", he said.

He said all agricultural diploma holders who gained expertise on agriculture
should endeavour to develop agrarian products and lay a foundation for a
sustainable development.

The people who join the government service squander their skills and don't use
their capabilities in a productive manner. The knowledge and skills of the state
employees should focus to enhance the productivity and serve the people in a
meaningful manner, the Minister added.

Government employees while building up their personal economic development
should work for the betterment of the people and the country, he said. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 8, 2013 Saturday

River Ridge plans finding right flow

BYLINE: Brandon Macz, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1035 words


June 08--Potlatch Mayor Dave Brown is tired of missed opportunities to tap the
city's potential for economic development, and he's not alone in his dream of
revitalizing the community with recreational manufacturing jobs.

After a brief hiatus, Brown said a steering committee has regrouped to tackle
the challenges ahead to make the city's River Ridge Recreational Technology Park
a reality.

The project started two years ago after the city partnered with the Potlatch
Corporation to use 26 acres of the forest products company's mill site west of
the city. Through additional collaboration with the Latah Economic Development
Council, Clearwater Economic Development Association, Avista Corporation and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, the city hired a marketing firm to direct its
efforts.

Idaho's friendly attitude toward firearms and outdoor recreation led P'Chelle
International to propose seeking out businesses in these markets and drawing
them to Potlatch.

What the old mill site lacks is infrastructure. Within its acreage are scattered
concrete remnants of buildings torn down years ago by Potlatch Corporation, in
addition to the Potlatch River and unmanaged vegetation.

Now, an investment group has formed to change that by seeking out property to
purchase and improve in an effort to appeal to businesses considering
relocation.

"I guess that's our dream now," said Brown, adding a lack of land improvements
has already cost the city several prospective businesses. "At times it can get
discouraging."

City Councilor and local business owner Dave Cada said the investment group has
raised among its members enough money to share the cost of a land survey with
Potlatch Corp.

"What's been done so far is to contact Potlatch Corporation to give them a
letter of intent to purchase a certain number of acres," he said, adding the
group hopes to get a good price for possibly up to five acres of land. "As we
understand it Potlatch (Corp.) doesn't want to be involved in any kind of
development themselves."

B.J. Swanson, executive director for LEDC, said Potlatch Corp. is receptive to
selling land on its mill site, and there is confidence the transaction can be
accomplished as smoothly as ones in the past.

"They've sold quite a few parcels to the city for their sewer project and other
things," she said, adding of the investment plan, "I think it will give a boost
to the whole area."

The city's sewer project was difficult, said Brown, and reached the finish line
Thursday with the installation of a 124-foot-long bridge across the Potlatch
River by local contractor Jim Shem. The bridge will provide for easy travel
between the city's lift station on one side and the wastewater treatment lagoons
on the other. It took two cranes brought down from Coeur d'Alene to complete the
installation.

"Nobody around here has a big enough crane to swing it by itself," said Shem.

Treated effluent will soon be directed to several irrigation zones, Brown said,
including an already established 10 acres of hay and 22 acres of land on the
east side of the city that could be used for housing someday.

The treatment lagoons were funded with $3 million through the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act, $100,000 of which the city must repay. The city also
borrowed another $1.4 million through the Department of Environmental Quality
for the bridge and irrigation. The city put in $8 million in sewer improvements,
with about $3.5 million needing to be repaid, and also received a $2.7 million
USDA rural development block grant. A $4.9 million levy for the sewer project
was passed by voters several years ago, but it won't all be used, said Brown,
and the city hasn't decided what to do with the remainder.

"It's been a long haul here with this sewer project," he said, adding sewer
rates are anticipated to go up to about $50 a month per household, better than a
previously estimated $85. "Now, we'll just get going on this redevelopment
thing."

Once the land is found and purchased, the investment group will need funding for
a structure there that could attract a business to use it, said Cada.

"That would be kind of the cornerstone for which the River Ridge recreational
park could be built," he said.

Cada said the investment group is also looking for infrastructure grant money
designated for projects like River Ridge by agencies that include the Idaho
departments of commerce and labor, with the help of LEDC and CEDA.

Moscow City Councilor Walter Steed's consulting firm is being considered by the
city to serve as the administrator of the public works projects and grant
writing. The state labor and commerce departments have approved his firm as a
grant administration consulting firm for more than 17 years.

"I'm waiting for them to bring together their ideas in what they want to do, and
then I'm of the belief that we can get a block grant that can get water, sewer
and street out to the project," said Steed, adding his hiring on is tentative.
"I have indicated my interest to them."

Brown said there are at least three companies interested in Potlatch. PNW Arms,
an ammunitions manufacturer that moved into the old D8 property north of the
city off U.S. Highway 95 in 2011 after outgrowing its facility in Issaquah,
Wash., is assisting in those discussions, said Swanson.

"They're helping us a great deal," she said. "They've been key to finding these
other companies that are interested."

PNW CEO Mark Baciak said there is a lot of interest and good potential to bring
in the type of research and manufacturing the city is promoting with its River
Ridge project.

"We've reached out to about six different companies, and they're all in various
stages of the process," he said. "Three of them have already committed to do
some kind of work together."

He said the investment group in Potlatch is just one of many variables in play
to bring research, industry and economic growth to the area.

"We're very excited to see what their future prospects look like," said Baciak.

Brandon Macz can be reached at (208) 883-4631, or by email to bmacz@dnews.com

___ (c)2013 the Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) Visit the
Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) at www.dnews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130608-1MW-River-Ridge-plans-finding-right-flow-0608-20130608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2013 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 26, 1992, Sunday, SUNDAY EDITION

Water may lubricate peace talks

BYLINE: BY BOB HEPBURN TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 873 words

DATELINE: AMMAN


Too little water; too many weapons.

It's a lethal combination that has ignited past feuds in the Middle East and
could spark future wars.

In an arid region undergoing a population and a weapons explosion, the issue of
who controls the scare fresh waters, who owns the most tanks and missiles, who
is the most stubborn, may ultimately decide the fate of this battle-scared land.

"There simply isn't enough water for all of us," says Elias Salameh, director of
the Water Research Centre at the University of Jordan. "The situation is
alarming and getting worse."

How alarming?

Consider for a moment that each Canadian has access to 100 times as much fresh
water every year as each person living in the Middle East.

That means the 125 million residents in the Middle East live with the almost
daily worries of whether they will have enough water to drink or shower; to grow
their crops; to power their hydro-electric plants and help run their factories.

And if they have water, they fear, with justification, that it will be
dangerously polluted.

A United Nations researcher concluded last summer that Middle East nations that
believe they are not getting their fair share of water could go to war.

For the first time, a multinational conference opening Tuesday in Moscow will
try to find ways to share the Middle East's fresh water, to limit the growth of
weapons, and to co-operate on regional economic and environmental problems.

Invited by co-hosts Russia and United States are all of the Arab states, the
Palestinians, Israel, the European Community, Canada, China and Japan. Whether
they all show up is another matter.

Canada is one of about 20 observer nations who could be asked in the future to
contribute financial or technical aid for the regional issues.

"It may take months before we identify a niche for Canada," one Canadian
official said. "We don't have a great deal of money to throw about, so we won't
simply hand over cash. We may need it for the former Soviet republics, who are
facing massive hunger problems."

Jordan, which may be the poorest country in the Middle East when it comes to a
combination of water and money, is banking heavily on the multilateral talks.

"King Hussein has nailed his colors to the mast of this meeting," a Western
ambassador here said. "He calls the Moscow meeting 'the' international
conference on the Middle East that the Arab world has always sought."

Water, in fact, may be the key to peace.

Recent heavy rains and snow, the most severe in 60 years in most parts of the
Middle East, have eased a seven-year drought that drained reservoirs, turned
rivers into trickles, and forced rationing in Syria, Jordan, Israel and the
occupied territories.

But Elias Salameh of the University of Jordan says the rains are only a
reprieve, not a solution.

"Even if there were no borders, there still isn't enough water for this region,"
he said.

And like many countries in the area, Jordan's population is growing at
astounding rates. It will double in the next 18 years, yet there isn't enough
water for the population now.

Overpumping of the underground aquifers and the waters of the Jordan, the Tigris
and the Euphrates have created additional problems of pollution throughout the
region.

The three rivers already are sources of bitter conflicts.

In fact, Jordan has more problems with Syria over water than it does with
Israel.

"Syria is trying to collect any drop of water it can," one Jordanian official
said. "They won't co-operate with us at all."

Syria has built more than 30 small dams along the tributaries of the Yarmuk
River, which supplies much of Jordan's fresh water. The dams greatly cut the
flow of water into the river.

Syria and Jordan are co-operating on the Unity Dam along the Yarmouk. However,
the project has been stopped for decades, first by an Israeli bombing raid and
then by the refusal of the World Bank to provide funding.

The Yarmouk flows into the Jordan River and Israel fears its Arab neighbors
could cut it off entirely.

Turkey and Syria, meanwhile, are battling over the Euphrates River. Turkey has
been constructing reservoirs along the river, slashing its flow through eastern
Syria by half.

Both Jordan and Israel have invested billions of dollars to "make the desert
bloom," as the Israelis like to boast.

But at what price?

Both countries use 70 per cent of their water for agriculture, a stunning amount
that has depleted vital underground sources. Neither has the money to finance
desalinization plants large enough to serve their population.

"Water should not be used to produce wheat," Salameh said. "Water is too
precious. We need to redesign the economy away from more agriculture."

Compounding the problem of desperately short water supplies is the
still-thriving Middle East arms bazaar, expected to buy $ 60 billion in weapons
next year.

What might happen if the Middle East countries fail to reach agreement?

Says Elias Salameh: "We could see more polluted water, less food production,
more money spent on imports, more unemployment, squeezed budgets, increased
social unrest."

Toss in sophisticated missiles and "smart" bombs and the result could be
disastrous.


LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: map Mideast water supply & projects

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             June 8, 1996, Saturday

COTTON V CATTLE

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COLLIE G

SECTION: MONITOR; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1513 words


KEYWORD-HIT

COTTON

v

CATTLE

A plan to grow cotton on the Cooper Creek floodplain has raised

questions about the impact on the environment. Gordon Collie reports

that graziers and environmentalists are united in their opposition to

the scheme

S KIMMING over the outback at 200m, the light aircraft startles a

small mob of catt le contentedly grazing a narrow green ribbon of

grass.

The animals plunge away from their haven which is perhaps only 5m

wide and flail across the brown plain, kicking up clouds of dust.

There are thousands of these fingers of green worked in crazy

patterns across the otherwise barren landscape. The grass grows lush in

the shallow channels as waters recede across the Cooper Creek

floodplain, a miracle of nature in the arid inland more than 1000km

west of Brisbane.

In a region where the annual rainfall is often less than 200mm,

water flowing down the Cooper system from hundreds of kilometres to the

north is a lifeblood. In major flood years the region is transformed

into an inland sea as the waters wind their way slowly down through

Queensland and across South Australia into Lake Eyre. But this has not

been a big wet season and the green channels are interspersed with

tell-tale smudges, like rings around a bath tub, where the water did

not make it this time.

For more than a century, the channel country has supported an

extensive grazing industry, sharing the erratic water resource with

abundant birdlife, other wildlife and fauna. Into this remote region a

proposal for fundamental change has been lobbed like an exploding hand

grenade.

Big-money intensive agriculture plans to move west to harness some

of the free-flowing waters of the Cooper. The proposal by a syndicate

of New South Wales cotton farmers has galvanised an unlikely alliance

of conservative western graziers and the environmental movement.

A bitter debate has broken out with claims and counterclaims about

the impact more than 3000ha of intensive, irrigated agriculture and its

attendant use of chemicals would have on the fragile environment. But

the Cooper proposal has raised even more fundamental questions as it is

the first application of its scale on any river system flowing into

Lake Eyre.

Hans Woldring is the modern-day pioneer driving the proposal for

fundamental change to the land use of arid inland Australia.

Woldring is part of the syndicate which plans the $10 mil

lion development on the Cooper Creek floodplain. The syndicate has

bought a grazing property, Currareva, just outside the tiny township of

Windorah

and applied to the State Government

for a licence to harvest 24,000 mega

litres of water from the Cooper.

The construction of four massive ring tanks and building of levee

banks to contain water on the property involves about 5 mil

lion cubic metres of earthworks.

Opponents of the proposed massive irrigation scheme see it as the

thin end of the wedge and point to the environmental destruction of the

mighty Murray-Darling system. The developers promise employment

and economic prosperity in a depressed and forgotten part of

Queensland.

The National Party Government inherited the water licence

application from a Labor administration which was decidedly unimpressed

with the concept. It fell into the lap of Howard Hobbs, the minister

for the newly formed Department of Natural Resources, whose

Charleville-based electorate includes the lower reaches of the Cooper

floodplain.

Hobbs has been castigated by local residents for not acting

decisively to kill the proposal. The minister has determined to follow

due process and commissioned his department

to assess whether or not a water allocation can be made.

At the same time he has ruled out a major land-use study of the

Cooper Creek system saying the cost cannot be justified. An advisory

party has been formed with groups represented from the developers to

the opposing property owners to conservationists and the South

Australian Government.

South Australia's Environment Minister David Wotton said he had

significant concerns that extracting water from the Cooper for

irrigation

could have disastrous effects

on water volume, water quality

and the ecosystems in his state.

In determining a water allocation policy for the Cooper, records of

flows dating back to the early part of the century are being analysed.

Satellite images of various sized floods have been used to help build

computer simulations.

The water policy is expected to be completed by the end of the year

and if the developers are given a licence

they have further hurdles to overcome. They must fund a detailed

impact assessment study for the project, consulting a myriad of

regulatory agencies. Approval is then required from a hostile Barcoo

Shire Council for a change in land use from extensive grazing to

intensive agriculture.

Woldring said the syndicate planned an integrated operation with

more than 3000ha of crops including cotton, grapes and date palms as

well as fish ponds. The cotton-growing operation needed to be of

sufficient scale to justify a small processing gin on the property.

W OLDRING, who has been growing cotton at Narromine for the past 15

ye ars, said the group wanted to spread risks with a different

cotton-growing environment in the west. ""It's a pioneering exercise.

We've gone in with our eyes open knowing that there will be

frustrations," he said.

But Woldring admits to being taken aback by the level of hostility

to the venture. ""We want to be responsible about this project. We are

committed to an environmentally friendly development which will not

impact on future generations in the region," he said. ""It's a

long-term project. We are not fly-by-nighters."

The environment movement has promised the Cooper will become a

national battleground if the new land use proposal goes ahead.

Queensland Conservation Council campaigner Louise Matthiesson said the

threat to the internationally recognised Coongie Lakes at the top end

of South Australia would justify federal intervention.

""This area is unique in the world. The levels of biodiversity it

supports are just amazing," she said. ""This is not a traditional

river system.

It's a fragile, complex environment

which we really know very little

about. The water flow is just so variable and unpredictable that

we simply can't afford to tamper with it.

""The evaluation process being undertaken by the State Government

is flawed because it takes no account of the need for environmental

flows or the downstream effects

of the irrigation proposal," Matthiesson said.

Cooper Creek Protection Group chairman Dr Bob Morrish acknowledges

that producers could make more money growing cotton rather than raising

cattle. ""But the risk to the environment has to be the deciding factor

against this development

," Morrish said.

Morrish, who holds a Phd in psychology, has operated the grazing

property Springfield on Kyabra Creek, a tributary of the Cooper, for

the past 17 years. ""The Cooper flows are just so variable. It's an

ephemeral river. Any interference with the natural patterns could be

very detrimental," he said. ""It really comes down to whether we are prepared to
risk a part of Australia's

unique heritage. Are we prepared

to risk destroying our natural

environment?"

Morrish said he was disillusioned with the water assessment policy.

""It's manifestly inadequate."

In an effort to address some of the key issues, Morrish has

convened a conference of scientists on river ecology to be held at

Windorah in September. ""The response has been amazing. There are just

so many people all round Australia who are horrified that this

development could be approved

," he said.

Big pastoral companies are strongly opposed to the irrigation

proposal with Stanbroke Pastoral Company pastoral inspector Bill Scott

a key member of the protection group. Scott manages the company

property Tanbar which has thousands of square kilometres of Cooper

floodplain. He said media magnate Kerry Packer, who owns Nockatunga

Station, had supported the protection group financially.

Scott said cattle worth about $130 mil

lion in value-added beef exports were turned off the Cooper

floodplain below Windorah each year. ""You can't have both a viable

beef industry and large-scale irrigation. There is simply not enough

water," he said.

Scott said big flows were needed to fill major water systems such

as Lake Yamma Yamma on Tanbar station. ""We only had small flows in the

Cooper this year. The lake would not have even been one-twentieth

filled. We've had to send cattle off the property because there is not

enough feed. Without the regular flows in the river we might as well

pack up and go. There will be no future for a major part of the beef

industry.

""We can't afford to sit back and be complacent about this

development application. We have to fight it. I think our chances are

no better than 50/50 of beating it at the moment," Scott said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            October 1, 1994 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

RURAL CATASTROPHE AS DROUGHT COVERS STATE;
A STATE IN CRISIS

BYLINE: ASA WAHLQUIST Rural Writer

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 703 words


The drought now covering 93 per cent of the State has reduced the estimated
winter crops yield to about one million tonnes, probably the lowest harvest
since 1957.

The Minister for Agriculture, Mr Causley, who released new declarations
yesterday, said this drought was "unarguably one of the worst since white
settlement".

It has claimed all but the Tweed-Lismore district on the North Coast, and the
area around Broken Hill, and is equal to the worst since records were kept.

The minister said: "These figures could drop if there is no finishing rain, and
many farmers still fortunate enough to have potential crops are now faced with
the difficult decision of whether to gamble on the rain or cut their crops for
hay."

Earlier this week, the National Farmers' Federation forecast that the drought
may cost the economy more than $2 billion in lost farm production this financial
year, which may lower real economic growth by about 1 per cent.

The NSW and Queensland Departments of Agriculture have estimated that the
drought has cost their economies about $5 billion.

And there is no relief in sight. The seasonal climate outlook released by the
National Climate Centre in Melbourne yesterday says the dry weather is unlikely
to break before the end of the year, and is likely to continue into the new
year.

The drought declarations are equal to the worst of the drought in 1982.

Inland dams have received no flows for the past three months. A spokesman for
the Department of Water Resources said the biggest worry was the Barwon/Darling
River, which has ceased to flow and is "deteriorating all the time".

The department fears warm weather will precipitate another large outbreak of
blue-green algae.

Cattle and sheep producers know their core breeding herds and flocks will be
lost as, unable to afford the expense of feeding, they send their calves and
breeding cows to slaughter.

Even the "long paddock", the stock routes that have historically been the last
resort for farmers to graze their cattle, are closing down.

The executive officer of the Rural Lands Protection Boards Association, Ms Sandy
Prell, said:

"We have about 40 per cent of the stock routes closed at the moment and that
will escalate quite rapidly over the next two or three weeks because there is no
feed and water is now a major problem".

The routes cover close to half a million hectares.

The 57 boards make the recommendation for their area to be drought declared.

"Each board is divided into four divisions and if 50 per cent of farmers are
hand-feeding their stock and they are not able to be sustained from the pasture
itself, it qualifies them for drought," Ms Prell said.

Drought declarations entitle farmers to a 50 per cent subsidy on the transport
of stock, water and fodder from the State Government.

In the past three weeks, Farmhand has given more than $3 million to 1,500
farmers.

Farmhand's national co-ordinator, Mr Doug Miell , said the organisation had"$5.6
million in the bank and a whole pile of things that could give us another
million". That money will be effectively doubled by the Federal Government.

Mr Miell said Farmhand was dealing with a major social problem. "If there is not
rain until January, it will almost be a social disaster through the rural
areas," he said. "Then you'll have a whole new range of people coming into the
category of need that Farmhand is trying to help."

He was hearing "very, very moving stories of the way people have simply gone
without and removed themselves from the community".

"We're finding a lot of major health problems people are seeking to fund. They
don't have lot of cash to live on; their sources of income are basically
whatever access they can get to different welfare.

"Their range of outstanding account runs through telephones, education, car,
basic food, and their water supplies are very very low in a lot of areas so they
are paying to get water trucked in.

"The good news is that once they are getting Farmhand cheques, it is giving them
an enormous boost," Mr Miell said.

WHERE THE DROUGHT HAS HIT

Cost: NSW & QLD - $5bn

Economic Growth - 1 %

Farm production - 12-15%

Grain production - 40-50%

Cotton production - 15-25%

Wool Production - 5-10%

Export income - $500m

NSW stock routes - 40% closed

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map: WHERE THE DROUGHT HAS HIT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1994 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday

Fund-starved KAU gets Rs 100-crore booster

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, March 17 -- The Rs 100 crore grant for intensifying the
agriculture research is the biggest gain that the agriculture sector of Kerala
has accomplished from the Union Budget. Kerala Agriculture University, like
several other Universities in the country, was starving for funds.

However, the grant should be utilised for streamlining the result-oriented
researches and on no account it must be utilised for unproductive purposes.

Unlike the present system of research concentrating on the works of the post
graduate students, the University should initiate research programmes with
specific objectives so that farmers will be the beneficiary of the results
produced.

If we want to derive more advantages from this budget, the state has to do a lot
of homework. Because, the new mission approaches - National Food Security
Mission, National Mission on Sustainable Agriculture including Micro Irrigation,
National Mission on Oil seeds and Oil Palm and National Mission on Agriculture
Extension and Technology - envisaged in the budget compel us to come forward
with specific result oriented projects so that we will be able to absorb more
money from the allotments. What is happening at present is an intensive effort
for accomplishing the financial targets totally ignoring the physical
achievements reflected in the field.

There must be a monitoring mechanism along with concurrent auditing. So also,
state should have a plan to streamline the flow of agriculture credit. Providing
more credit to the farmers should be linked with the performance.

The agricultural extension system in which government supposed to introduce a
mission mode is a need of the hour. At present, the extension system is
concentrating in the works related to distribution of subsidies and natural
calamity doles. This must be changed so that the extension system will
concentrate on the technology transfer exercise.

But, the most disappointing factor is poor consideration extended to the welfare
of the farming community. No attempt has been made to make farming more charming
to the younger generation to take it as a challenging enterprise.

The much expected welfare schemes for farmers like insurance has once again
failed to make it into the budget. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from New Indian Express.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 24, 1995, Saturday, Tampa Edition

Authority frets about money, music

BYLINE: JEFF TESTERMAN

SECTION: TAMPA TODAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



(ran NS S editions of Tampa Bay & State)

Officials from the state Department of Agriculture say they look forward to
overseeing the Florida State Fair Authority starting next week. But the  preview
of the task they got Friday had to be a bit unnerving.

First, authority members fretted about the October deadline they face to  make
state-mandated fire safety improvements and about trouble they are having
getting a $ 500,000 bank loan to pay for the work. It seems there's no
collateral available for the loan, and the authority's balance sheet looks a
little shaky for a signature loan without collateral.

Next, the boss at the fairgrounds discussed improving that balance sheet by
hosting more outdoor concerts. But influential authority members flayed the
idea, calling typical concert music not only a health risk but immoral.

Later, there was strenuous insistence that no money was missing, despite a
recent audit report that pointed to a $ 5-million disparity between apparent
attendance at the 1994 state fair and actual gate receipts.

Authority members explained they had exaggerated attendance by 300 percent  or
so, partly to make sponsors feel good. Then they promised they wouldn't do  it
anymore, even though they're pretty sure just about everybody else in the  fair
business does it.

The authority that oversees the $ 15-million-a-year business at the  fairgrounds
has a history of problems. Before Steve Eckerson took over as  president of
Florida Expo Park in 1993, employees called the place "a  hornet's nest." More
recently, state legislators characterized the body as  "a snake pit."

Distressed at tales of back-stabbing and ethics violations, legislators  this
year declined to confirm gubernatorial appointments to the authority,  then
drafted a bill paring its size and making it answer to the agriculture
commissioner's office.

The new law takes effect July 1, and Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford  is
dispatching a task force to the authority on Wednesday to huddle with
department heads and to work out problems turned up in a blistering audit by
the state auditor general.

Friday, authority Chairman John H. Stengel stressed that most problems  revealed
by the state audit occurred a couple of years ago, before his  administration
tightened procedures.

Still, although personnel costs have dropped by 7 percent from a year ago,
Stengel said more layoffs and pay cuts may be necessary for the staff that
administers the 600-acre fairgrounds. Cash flow must be improved for banks to
consider the loan the authority needs to make safety improvements required by
the state fire marshal, such as voice activated fire alarms.

"If I was a bank, I wouldn't touch it," businessman and authority member  Olin
Mott said Friday.

Yet Mott also was quick to condemn a plan by Eckerson to proceed with  outdoor
concerts, such as the Metallica concert that earned the authority a  cool $
70,000 last year.

"It's gotten so bad in this country with hard rock and rap music that the
American Medical Association says it's dangerous," Mott said. "I'm totally
opposed to it. I don't believe it's a moral music."

Eckerson said the Metallica concert helped fill the 10 hotels closest to  the
fairgrounds and tripled the receipts of local businesses. He also said he  wants
to appease neighbors who complained about Metallica by dedicating a  percentage
of future concert receipts to neighborhood improvements.

But authority member Doyle Carlton Jr. joined Mott's chorus, saying he  hoped
Crawford would take "a strong stand" against outdoor concerts in favor  of
"telling the story of Florida" instead.

With respect to fair attendance, Stengel promised there would be no more  phony
numbers.

That will be a distinct departure from the past.

In 1994, officials reported attendance of 1.3-million at the fair. They  began
to back away from the number after auditors said many patrons should  have put $
5-million more in fair coffers than was reported.

Friday, Stengel explained that attendance had been inflated by unpaid
exhibitors, free passes - and the wish of fair officials to impress sponsors
with big numbers. The real paid attendance was about 395,000, he said, and
head-counting will be taken more seriously beginning next year.

"In 1996, you can expect turnstiles at every gate," Stengel said. "We're  going
to be committed to accuracy and accountability."

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA TODAY; TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Agriculture Commissioner Bob Crawford (ran Tampa
Bay and State)

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Shs330 billion hidden in a foreign bank abroad should be invested here- Gov't

BYLINE: ISMAIL MUSA LADU

LENGTH: 1014  words


Developing countries like Uganda suffer the brunt of stashing money in foreign
banks abroad much more than nations with bigger economies, a new report called
SwissLeaks Reviewed, has disclosed. It further emerged that the practice of
stashing money in foreign banks is higher in developing countries than it is the
case with the wealthy nations with bigger Gross Domestic products (GDP). GDP is
the total value of goods and services produced in a country at a particular
period--normally annually. According to an analysis of a leaked HSBC  Swiss
account information, at least Shs330 billion originating from Uganda is being
held in a Swiss bank known for its tendencies to abet tax evasion and illicit
financial flows (IFFs). This money, according to the analysis could be as a
result of illegal activities such as illicit financial flows and tax evasions,
currently bleeding the African continent to near death. A joint statement,
issued by Financial Transparency Coalition and Christian Aid, quoted the Senior
Economic Advisor at Christian Aid, Mr Joseph Stead, as saying that tax haven
banks like HSBC Switzerland are hiding proportionally a much larger amount of
money, and potentially depriving developing countries of significant,
desperately needed tax revenues.

Studies indicate that Uganda alone loses $509million (nearly Shs2rillion) as a
result of tax evasion and illicit financial flows while Africa as a continent is
robbed of $1trillion annually to this illegal activity. The analysis done by the
Financial Transparency Coalition and Christian Aid, shows that this sum of money
stashed just in one foreign bank, HSBC, is almost double the amount connected to
Denmark whose GDP of $335billion is nearly 16 times that of Uganda.  The same
amount which is nearly an equivalent of the budget allocated to the Ministry of
Agriculture also translates into three times the amount connected to Germany
whose economy has a bigger GDP ($3.73 trillion) than that of Uganda estimated at
$21 billion (aboutShs80 trillion). The findings of the analysis launched on
Wednesday, state that while all the focus is geared towards the amount of money
countries are hiding from places like the US, UK, France and Spain, SwissLeaks
reviewed, the joint project of Christian Aid and the Financial Transparency
Coalition, re-examined the SwissLeaks data as a percentage of a country's GDP.
And the results were staggering. "Because the totals aren't huge, no real
attention has been paid to the cash from developing countries in HSBC
Switzerland, yet proportionally Senegal has nearly three times as much in the
Swiss bank as France, and more than 10 times as much as Germany. "Similarly
outsized proportions run true for many developing countries," Mr Stead was
quoted as saying. He added: "And for that, we shouldn't be ignoring this, and
neither should the G20 (informal group of wealthy economies with representatives
from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank." Campaigners say the
evidence strengthens the urgent need for developing nations to know about their
citizens' foreign bank accounts, although it looks certain that this is a move
that the G20 Finance Ministers are unlikely not to consider in their upcoming
meeting due this month. The Swissleaks project, analysed by the Financial
Transparency Coalition and Christian Aid, followed the International Consortium
of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) perusal of more than 100,000 leaked bank
accounts from HSBC Switzerland. As a result, the project which involved dozens
of journalists from across the world laid bare the fact that developing
countries like Uganda are hiding away more money in foreign banks abroad
compared to wealthy countries.

A close examination of  the stashed amounts in relation to the developing
country's GDP, makes it clear that in real terms, developing countries are the
victim. This makes it more interesting, considering that it would make more
sense if it was the other way round--richer countries hiding more money in
foreign banks. In an interview on Wednesday, the Secretary to the Treasury and
also Ministry of Finance Permanent Secretary, Mr Keith Muhakanizi, said for
Uganda's case, the amount of money involved (Shs330 billion) is not an alarming
figure compared to the population of the country. "I don't like Ugandans
stashing money away because that (money) should be invested in the economy here
and not in a bank abroad. However, I think that is a small figure. If it were
bigger than that then I would be worried. That is not very alarming."

Way forward According to SwissLeaks Reviewed project--report, It is difficult to
quantify just how much increased revenue a particular country could realise if
the citizen's money was not stashed away. But some countries, like Spain, have
begun to provide information on how much in taxes and fees they've already
started to recoup from the leaked HSBC Swiss accounts. Spain has said it has
recovered roughly $340 million from its citizens' accounts, roughly 15 per cent
of the total amount linked to the country in the leaks, something Uganda and
other developing countries can experiment. The goal of automatic exchange of
financial information between governments is laudable in addressing this
problem, but according to Mr Stead, requirements of the OECD (club of wealthy
countries) system will end up acting as barriers to developing countries
inclusion. Worth noting, however, is that "ICIJ's SwissLeaks investigation was
monumental to the broader discussion on illicit flows and tax evasion, but much
of the initial media coverage centered around money in places like the U.S.,
France, and Spain," said Christian Freymeyer, Press & Digital Media Coordinator
for the Financial Transparency Coalition. He continued: "We wanted to use the
same data, but visualize it differently, to help demonstrate the scale of the
problem for developing countries, and why the fact that they don't have a say in
the global standard setting process is cause for concern."


http://imgs.syndigate.info/339/1148/62/144370645452.jpg

Graphic by Christian Aid

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2015 Nation Media Group
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            August 23, 2008 Saturday
                                 First Edition

The point of no return;
WATERSHED SPECIAL REPORT

BYLINE: Jo Chandler

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 3394 words


Water "scarcity" is one thing, but irrigation is at the heart of Australia's
problem. An Age special series reveals a system on the edge.

THE BANK of the Goulburn River behind Yea is as good a place as any to sit a
while and contemplate the murky complexities of our relationship with water in a
drier world. Here old gums with the girth of good years stretch their roots down
to the water. They follow the river from the dregs of Lake Eildon - down to 20%
capacity - to the Goulburn Weir, where most of the flow is diverted for storage
and delivery, eventually, to the orchards and dairies of the Goulburn Valley.

While the irrigation season by rights began last week, there's nowhere near
enough water in the Goulburn-Murray storehouses - the lakes and weirs,
reservoirs and dams - to turn the channel system on until spring rains nudge the
volumes up and the clamour from farmers becomes undeniable. Meanwhile just
enough water to keep the river moving is sent over the weir wall to travel north
and west to the Murray, joining the flow that over a century has transformed
what would otherwise be "just rabbit-trap and ferret country", as the aldermen
of the Mildura food bowl are fond of putting it. Along its length, communities
grown on the sweat of generations and the insatiable miracle of irrigation wait
anxiously, again, to see when the tap will be turned on, and what it might
deliver.

More than three-quarters of Victoria's water supply is spent on irrigation -
almost four times the volume used in households and industry across the state.

The Goulburn's story is etched in terraces stepping down the bank. Unseen fish
kiss the surface. On a visit a few weeks ago, it was tranquil, seductive. Our
souls soak up water too, its primitive comfort hardwired into us. It's why we
get so antsy when the reservoirs drop; and why farm gates for miles carry the
signs "Plug the Pipeline!"

It's a less serene place now, no doubt, with survey work under way at the
Killingworth site. This is where the Sugarloaf interconnector, or the
north-south pipeline, will be built, diverting an annual 75 gigalitres - 75
billion litres - of water from the Goulburn and sending it south to Melbourne.
Suddenly this bend in the river becomes symbolic of many things: the proverbial
watershed.

It's the interface of the growing tension between rural, urban and environmental
thirsts as things hot up, as the climate change forecast predicts. And it looks
a lot like a conduit for the unmentionable - the diversion of rural water to the
city - though to see it as such would be wrong, says the Victorian Government.
It's part of a network of shiny apparatus that will recover "new" water hitherto
lost or wasted and dispense it fairly, equally to all three sectors. But
opponents doubt the motives - attachment to water "entitlement" runs deep -
while detractors question the maths.

This "new" water harvest, so central to the state's vision of our water future,
makes this a flashpoint for the baffling alchemy of water savings. The
gigalitres sent to Melbourne from here will be conjured by a $2 billion
investment in capturing seepage and wastage, using improved plumbing and lined
channels and solar-powered flume gates across our irrigated farmland - otherwise
known as the Food Bowl Modernisation Project. Sit on the bank and get your head
around that.

All that fugitive water that now escapes irrigation accounting - some of it
evaporates, but some of it steals into underground aquifers or sneaks back to
the river or runs to the farmer downstream. Was it lost, or just hiding out? The
latter, according to Professor Mike Young of the Wentworth Group of Concerned
Scientists, who echoes the anguish of many experts inside and outside government
when he cautions that arresting it will not deliver anywhere near the volumes of
promised flow.

The pipeline also enshrines the technological fix - the victory of engineers
over the pleas of scientists and economists for a re-imagining of water use. And
it's a politically expedient safety valve as city water supplies run low. As
bureaucrats have quietly admitted, without the 70-kilometre pipeline Melbourne
risks running out of water in 2010 (an election year), a year before the first
supplies flow from the new $3.1 billion desalination plant - the ultimate
engineered rainmaker.

Rattling all this hardware is the pent up pressure of more than a century of
reckless overspending - over-allocation - of river water. Ask the descendants of
the pioneering "blockies" who followed the vision of Alfred Deakin - champion of
irrigation in his days in the Victorian Parliament - into the new colonies
contrived in the "hissing desert" by the enterprising, engineering Chaffey
brothers. Or the returned soldiers and immigrants who succeeded them. The
promised land proved harsh country.

The current in the water at Killingworth seems to move at a dawdle. As does the
response to the emergency across the Murray-Darling system. Last month
Murray-Darling Basin Commission chief Wendy Craik said the Murray was "on life
support". Soon after, Climate and Water Minister Penny Wong signalled that as
far as South Australia's lower lakes were concerned, she was ready to switch it
off. The lakes have dropped to well below sea level - which is unprecedented -
and fresh water has not flowed down into the Ramsar-listed Coorong for six
years. The little plant that nurtures the entire wetland ecosystem, Ruppia
tuberosa, has vanished from the South Lagoon, taking with it the fish and birds
that relied on it.

Up river, rainfall charts and forecasts show no respite yet from this "big dry";
inflows across catchments are very poor - only one-sixth of the long-term
average on the Murray - the thirsty earth sucking up what rain falls. While the
drought will break, a CSIRO report last month anticipates 41% less water in the
Murray-Darling basin by 2030, and we're now on a trajectory worse than the
middle-range climate scenario. "In other words, we have a real problem on our
hands," observed Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.

The urban reality? Cities are on borrowed time. Melbourne's catchment dams now
sit at just over 32%, and have been tracking at their lowest for this time of
year since 1984 (when the Thomson Dam came online). A decade ago, it was twice
that. And this against an exploding population. These are the graphs that
underwrote the decision to build the desalination plant, which really can create
"new" water - out of the sea - 150 gigalitres a year, or one-third of
Melbourne's water needs. Urban water rates will at least try to pay for it, and
rising energy costs may blow that out.

In the country? Irrigators are on the edge. Without enough water in the bucket
to commit to a full irrigation season - the storages are still 270 gigalitres
short of what's required - Goulburn-Murray Water is deferring turning on the tap
as long as it can. The reserves are lower than the raw numbers reveal, as they
include water owed to farmers who scrimped to "bank" carry-over last year. They
can only wonder when they might expect delivery of their dues - let alone this
year's supply. The water authority can only promise to deliver when and if it
can.

As for the rivers, the Goulburn, like the others of the north - the Broken,
Ovens, Campaspe and Loddon - is in trouble. Scenarios recently developed to
inform the state's management of the northern rivers point to their loss in the
next 30 to 50 years unless their over-allocated flow is stemmed. The water here
not only fails to sate the farmers, but short-changes stressed redgum forests
and bird breeding wetlands by at least 21 gigalitres a year, according to the
science on minimum environmental flow.

DESPITE political and public preoccupation with desalination and recycling,
water restrictions and low-flow shower heads, a meaningful discussion of
Victoria's water needs - urban, rural and environmental - will always find its
way into the rivers and channels of irrigation country, where 77% of the state's
water supply is taken and transformed into $9 billion of fruit and vines and
crops and dairy products each year.

Can it continue? This is the question consuming economists and scientists at the
frontier of debate on what to do about water.

It's not a discussion that has escaped, explicitly, into the public realm until
recently - indeed it has the whiff of heresy in a nation that venerates life on
the land. Yet recognition of the need to retrieve water from irrigation is
implicit in the buy-back of water allocations endorsed by both sides of politics
and now pursued by federal and state governments.

"It is difficult to see how irrigated agriculture can persist in its current
form in Australia, at least in the longer term," says La Trobe University's Lin
Crase, economist, water expert and editor of a newly published collection of
expert analyses, Water Policy in Australia. The book traverses everything from
urban water to hydroelectricity, but is dominated by discussion of the dim
future (and clouded history) of irrigation.

He is persuaded that the tipping point, where water scarcity will force
governments and communities to confront, head on, the issue of weaning
agriculture off water, looms close. Culture and history have resisted that
moment, says Crase. Regard for bush battlers, affection for rural tradition,
allow much to be forgiven on the farm.

"This is not about blaming agriculture," says Crase, from his office on the
Murray at Albury, where he is director of the regional La Trobe campus. "Like
many nations in the world, we treated natural resources like water as a licence
to create wealth. So harnessing water was the equivalent of nation building.
That's how we viewed water pretty much until the 1980s. Then we woke up to
ourselves a bit" - the environment signalling its stress.

Victorian agricultural economist Alistair Watson says that since the 1960s,
analysts and economists have tried to highlight the poor fit of irrigation in
Australia. "Irrigation was developed carelessly in Australia for mainly social
reasons, with the emphasis on settlement rather than thinking through the
consequences of Australia's unique hydrology and the economics of irrigation,"
he says. The people sold up the proverbial river were the irrigators struggling
on small blocks, low incomes and uncertain prospects. "In reality, poor public
management over decades is the inconvenient truth of Australian irrigation."

Twelve years of drought have now exposed the unforgiving hydrological character
of the Australian continent. Climate change has made it even crankier, with
Professor Ross Garnaut forecasting a decline in agricultural production from the
Murray-Darling Basin as inevitable.

It's not that we are actually short of water - per capita we have plenty, more
than France, Switzerland or Spain, according to UNESCO. But the rain falls with
enormous variability and little reliability, and rarely in the places we want
it.

Crase illustrates the poor fit of our agricultural aspirations with our
environmental reality by using the parable of the deer and the kangaroo. A deer
in the northern hemisphere produces a single fawn each spring, a cycle
determined by the certainty of seasons, rainfall and food - "same thing, year
in, year out". By contrast, a kangaroo will produce many offspring rapidly when
there's water, and shut down reproduction when there's none.

Australia's dryland farmers are "kangaroos". "If there's some rain, you get on
your tractor and you go like a scalded cat and plant as much as you can as
quickly as you can." Our irrigated crops are "deers", requiring a certainty of
water that our best technological efforts can't always deliver.

"The decisions we made over the last 100 years to harness water to foster
agriculture - we can't support those any more," says Crase. "And that's why no
one wants to talk about it. Because it is bloody hard."

There is not enough water in the system to do everything we want. - Penny Wong,
Climate and Water Minister

FOR A while there, over the decade from 1994, it looked as if there was some
momentum to do the hard work. The Murray-Darling Basin Agreement, the Living
Murray Program, the National Land and Water Resources Audit and the National
Water Initiative - all began systems advised by science on water sharing, put
limits on extractions and employed a water market to shift water around and make
users pay. "Then in the past few years, the wheels have fallen off," says Crase.

The hastily prepared, last-fling effort of the Howard government - the National
Plan for Water Security - put forward a 10-point plan investing $10 billion over
10 years, but had the scientific and economic integrity of a script from The
Hollowmen, he says. It poured most of the money - $6 billion - into improving
irrigation systems, and half that into buying back water from farmers. The Rudd
Government's template - Water for the Future - commits to similar investments
over the next decade.

It's a journey back to the future, says Crase, reminiscent of the heady
irrigation heyday of the mid-1800s. "Do we - voters, taxpayers - think it is a
sensible idea to spend the lion's share of $13 billion on infrastructure that
will ultimately fail to address the underlying problems associated with
irrigation and water allocation in this country?

"If the economics doesn't stack up, if the science indicates that there is no
real water to be 'saved', if the environment is again left as the loser from the
policy choice, are we willing to spend all this money to ease the perceived
short-term pain associated with reducing the size of irrigated agriculture?"

While Labor policy expresses a strong will to "tackle" the water crisis, Mike
Young, chair of water economics and management at Adelaide University, and Jim
McColl, of CSIRO Land and Water, have been touting a plan they are persuaded
would solve it - for less than the almost $13 billion earmarked, and faster.
Their "Future-Proofed Basin" proposal argues that the basin's landscape,
waterways and people all deserve a new allocation regime that works through long
dry periods and when water is abundant. It starts by setting aside enough
maintenance water for the rivers to flow, feed stock and meet domestic needs.
Without this, no one can access water. It gives floodwater to the environment,
and distributes whatever flows between among all users and the environment.

The 12,000 irrigators all get a cheque - probably in the vicinity of $200,000 -
for the water they are likely to lose under this regime two years before it
comes into place, giving them time to assess their options - adjust to farming
with less water; use the money to buy extra water; or invest in a different
future. "You could call it compulsory acquisition - but we call it compulsory
step change to a regime that fixes up and removes the problems that exist now,"
says Young. Given the mood of an increasing number of irrigators, it would be a
very welcome letter.

The new system would be overseen by an independent authority with the power to
allocate water as it sees fit, unconstrained by politics - a kind of Reserve
Bank of water that would periodically announce what water was available to whom,
no arguments. "It would see maintenance of the river as being as important as
keeping inflation under control."

Young and McColl, like Crase and Watson, believe that the water discussion lost
its way at a critical moment - and echo concerns about the emphasis on finding
water savings through spending on infrastructure. They are deeply sceptical of
the food-bowl modernisation, unpersuaded that the projected water savings are
really there, as was the Victorian Auditor-General in a scathing report
questioning the rigour of the analysis underwriting the project.

"The only new water comes from evaporation savings," says McColl. "The rest is
robbing Peter to pay Paul. The project has broken every guideline in the public
investment book. We could well finish up with gold-plated redundant irrigation
infrastructure."

There is no shortage of ideas on a re-imagined water system. Professor Barry
Hart, of Monash University's Water Studies Centre, points to the science under
discussion as Victoria wrestles with its northern rivers strategy, which
predicts inflows into the Goulburn decreasing by 25% in the next 50 years,
reducing water for irrigators and other consumers by 15% and cutting the
environment's share by 40%. In the Campaspe, the situation is even worse.

Hart also wants to see the allocation system turned on its head - locking in the
minimum flow for the rivers before farmers get their share, and all of them
losing entitlement when the resource shrinks. This will require more buy-back of
water. "It is only reasonable that the Victorian Government should shoulder the
responsibility for redressing the current imbalance since it was government that
over-allocated water in the first place."

Lin Crase urges consideration of options contracts - a strategy used in parts of
the western United States. Such deals give irrigators a guarantee of ongoing
financial support in return for a right for cities and towns to take their water
in times of acute scarcity. In those circumstances, irrigators are effectively
paid not to farm.

While the notion of shifting rural water to cities makes many people twitchy -
since the Bolte era, public policy in Victoria has opposed it - many economic
commentators are not uncomfortable with the concept, or the hardware that may
help facilitate it, the north-south pipe, even as they question the rationale
behind its construction.

"There's no doubt (the pipe) is a step in the direction of saying 'let's
allocate water where it is needed', rather than the traditional stance of policy
that says that water from one side of the dividing range should never cross to
the other side," says Professor John Quiggin, Australian Research Council
federation fellow in economics and political science at Queensland University.
"Whatever the semantics on new water etc . . . it really is opening up the
notion that water can be allocated to where it is best used."

Quiggin argued in a paper two years ago that Melbourne had the most potential of
Australian cities to draw on rural - irrigators' - water, and that "even modest
trade could significantly reduce the severity of urban water supply problems".

Severe drought has put urban water supply at the top of the policy agenda. At
the same time, it is increasingly recognised that existing allocations of water
for use in irrigation are environmentally unsustainable. "Thus far, the two
issues have been handled separately and with radically different approaches,"
Quiggin has observed. But for how much longer?

As the Murray's depleted lower lakes turn acid, crops and orchards grow
thirstier, urban gardens wither and billions of dollars are directed into the
urgent hunt for water, commentators are bleak about the prospects of the impasse
of vested interests breaking down in time to find a solution. Political
dithering and preoccupation with stopgaps erode the confidence of irrigation
communities that there is a vision to take care of them in a dry future.

"We can blame it on our political system not being as strong as it should be,"
says Crase, "and people perhaps not being as interested as they might be. This
is hard stuff. Nobody's trying to say this is not a political minefield.
Nevertheless it is one that has to be negotiated.

"I do some work in India. Reallocating water in India is just a nightmare. A
billion people, 70% of them rely on agriculture. Moving water is so problematic.
It shouldn't be that hard in Australia. We've got the money, and the expertise
and the structures to fix it. If there is somewhere in the world we can get it
right, it should be here."

Jo Chandler is an Age senior writer.

If Victoria is to progress in the settlement of her people upon lands and the
multiplication of her resources by the conquest of areas hitherto regarded as
worthless . . . it must be by means of irrigation. No price, it may be said, is
too high for such a promise of progress. -- Alfred Deakin 1885

There is no doubt that water is a lot scarcer. There is going to need to be
reform and a new balance if we are going to live in a world with less water. --
David Dreverman, Murray-Darling Basin Commission So, how's the serenity?

· Editorial PAGE 6

· MONDAY Catch if if you can

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE PHOTOS: The Goulburn River near Yea, where the Sugarloaf
interconnector - or "north-south pipeline" - will be built, diverting billions
of litres of water to Melbourne. PICTURE: ANGELA WYLIE; LEFT: The Goulburn River
near Yea where survey work has begun for the north-south pipeline; ABOVE: A sign
of protest at the site. PICTURES: ANGELA WYLIE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Banks must adopt agri financing

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 102

LENGTH: 409  words


Executive Director, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Muhammad Ashraf Khan, has
emphasized upon the banks to adopt agricultural financing as a viable business
activity for the development of the agriculture sector in the country. According
to SBP press release issued here Wednesday,  he said this while presiding over a
one-day :Farmers' Financial Literacy & Awareness Program on Agricultural
Financing", which was jointly organized by State Bank and Habib Bank Ltd.
Wednesday at NRSP Training Center, Bahawalpur, he said the agriculture sector
has a key role in country's economy and stressed the need for making necessary
finances available to farmers for multiple cropping activities. He outlined
SBP's efforts for creating awareness amongst the farming community and
developing capacity of commercial banks through its various training and
awareness programmes.

Prof. Dr. Muhammad Mukhtar, Vice Chancellor, Islamia University Bahalwalpur, who
was the Chief Guest at the inaugural session, appreciated State Bank's
initiative to promote farmers' financial literacy and stressed the need to
synergise the efforts of all stakeholders to improve access to credit especially
to the agriculture sector. He said that academia can play an important role in
improving credit culture and in creating awareness among the farming community.

Dr. Saeed Ahmed, Head, Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department, SBP said
the programme is aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about
agriculture financing products & services offered by banks, money management
techniques and lending procedures, documentations, etc.Besides, it would also
develop capacity of agriculture field officers of banks in agri. financing and
synergize the efforts of all stakeholders including policy makers, executing
agencies, service providers & farming community to improve access to
agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional initiatives and
policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent increase in the
flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs. 137.4 billion in 2005-06 to
Rs. 263 billion in 2010-11.

However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging growth, the disbursement to
the agriculture sector was around 40% of the total estimated credit
requirements. "SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to 70-80 percent
during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by adopting a
multipronged strategy", he added.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Banks must adopt agri financing

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 102

LENGTH: 409  words


Executive Director, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Muhammad Ashraf Khan, has
emphasized upon the banks to adopt agricultural financing as a viable business
activity for the development of the agriculture sector in the country. According
to SBP press release issued here Wednesday,  he said this while presiding over a
one-day :Farmers' Financial Literacy & Awareness Program on Agricultural
Financing", which was jointly organized by State Bank and Habib Bank Ltd.
Wednesday at NRSP Training Center, Bahawalpur, he said the agriculture sector
has a key role in country's economy and stressed the need for making necessary
finances available to farmers for multiple cropping activities. He outlined
SBP's efforts for creating awareness amongst the farming community and
developing capacity of commercial banks through its various training and
awareness programmes.

Prof. Dr. Muhammad Mukhtar, Vice Chancellor, Islamia University Bahalwalpur, who
was the Chief Guest at the inaugural session, appreciated State Bank's
initiative to promote farmers' financial literacy and stressed the need to
synergise the efforts of all stakeholders to improve access to credit especially
to the agriculture sector. He said that academia can play an important role in
improving credit culture and in creating awareness among the farming community.

Dr. Saeed Ahmed, Head, Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department, SBP said
the programme is aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about
agriculture financing products & services offered by banks, money management
techniques and lending procedures, documentations, etc.Besides, it would also
develop capacity of agriculture field officers of banks in agri. financing and
synergize the efforts of all stakeholders including policy makers, executing
agencies, service providers & farming community to improve access to
agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional initiatives and
policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent increase in the
flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs. 137.4 billion in 2005-06 to
Rs. 263 billion in 2010-11.

However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging growth, the disbursement to
the agriculture sector was around 40% of the total estimated credit
requirements. "SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to 70-80 percent
during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by adopting a
multipronged strategy", he added.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Banks must adopt agri financing

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 102

LENGTH: 409  words


Executive Director, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Muhammad Ashraf Khan, has
emphasized upon the banks to adopt agricultural financing as a viable business
activity for the development of the agriculture sector in the country. According
to SBP press release issued here Wednesday,  he said this while presiding over a
one-day :Farmers' Financial Literacy & Awareness Program on Agricultural
Financing", which was jointly organized by State Bank and Habib Bank Ltd.
Wednesday at NRSP Training Center, Bahawalpur, he said the agriculture sector
has a key role in country's economy and stressed the need for making necessary
finances available to farmers for multiple cropping activities. He outlined
SBP's efforts for creating awareness amongst the farming community and
developing capacity of commercial banks through its various training and
awareness programmes.

Prof. Dr. Muhammad Mukhtar, Vice Chancellor, Islamia University Bahalwalpur, who
was the Chief Guest at the inaugural session, appreciated State Bank's
initiative to promote farmers' financial literacy and stressed the need to
synergise the efforts of all stakeholders to improve access to credit especially
to the agriculture sector. He said that academia can play an important role in
improving credit culture and in creating awareness among the farming community.

Dr. Saeed Ahmed, Head, Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department, SBP said
the programme is aimed at creating awareness among the farming community about
agriculture financing products & services offered by banks, money management
techniques and lending procedures, documentations, etc.Besides, it would also
develop capacity of agriculture field officers of banks in agri. financing and
synergize the efforts of all stakeholders including policy makers, executing
agencies, service providers & farming community to improve access to
agricultural credit, he said, adding that SBP's promotional initiatives and
policy interventions have translated into around 200 percent increase in the
flow of credit to the agriculture sector from Rs. 137.4 billion in 2005-06 to
Rs. 263 billion in 2010-11.

However, he pointed out, despite this encouraging growth, the disbursement to
the agriculture sector was around 40% of the total estimated credit
requirements. "SBP has planned to increase the disbursement to 70-80 percent
during the next five years covering 3.3 million borrowers by adopting a
multipronged strategy", he added.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                              May 15, 2009 Friday
                                   e1 Edition

Mokonyane promises Gauteng shake-up

BYLINE: Barry Bateman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 587 words


TEAM Gauteng - Gauteng Premier Nomvula Mokonyane and her new MECs - have
promised a provincial shake-up and a rethink of how things are done.

"There will be a shift in policy areas," Mokonyane said at a Pretoria National
Press Club briefing.

"The emphasis will be in areas where we need to fundamentally transform the
lives of our people, especially communities which have been on the periphery of
development such as informal settlements," she said.

Flanked by MECs Bheki Nkosi, Firoz Cachalia and Nomantu Nkomo-Ralehoko, the MECs
for roads and transport, economic development, and agriculture and rural
development respectively, Mokonyane said the province, like the country, was
going through a time of renewal.

"We are renewing the manner in which we are delivering services," she said.

Among the main policies up for consideration was the willing-buyer-willing
seller principle in land reform.

"We cannot talk about equality when systems are in place which prevent the
disadvantaged from getting in.Willing-buyer willing-seller is a problem and will
not help build society," she said.

Mokonyane said her team would develop strategies to grow the economy and focus
on key sectors that will create work.

In education, they planned on strengthening early childhood development to raise
children who could participate in the economy and the development of society.

She said the provincial government would strengthen good governance in order to
ensure that no stone was left unturned in the fight against crime and
corruption.

At her state-of-the-province address Mokonyane said she would provide details on
how her team is going to implement the plans over the next five years.

She said they had mandated the Department of Health to urgently address its
failure to pay its bills with service providers. "We cannot accept and tolerate
putting those infants at risk of HIV infections due to negligence."

Mokonyane said the province had also begun a process of recruiting more young
people into nursing. "We continue to pump a significant amount of money into
health services, including increasing the number of ambulances and ensuring the
turnaround time in reaching the distressed."

Mokonyane said rural development could not be treated as the unwanted stepchild
to urban and economic development. "We will need to look for new ways of doing
things so that agriculture becomes sexy and young people take it up as a
career," she said.

Referring to the Tshwane double-billing fiasco, Mokonyane said her office was
aware that the council was experiencing cash flow problems. "We are looking at
their cash flow problem as well as their revenue collection," she said.

On the brief detention of her son Rethlebusa (Africa) Mokonyane, 22, for
questioning in connection with the attempted theft of a motor vehicle, Mokonyane
said he would co-operate and present his case to the police. "It is still
allegations at this stage," she said not long before he was released.

Rethlebusa was arrested on Wednesday in Kagiso. It had been alleged that he and
a friend were seen trying to steal a bakkie parked on the side of the road in
Noordhweuwel, Krugersdorp.

Spokesman for the premier, Simon Zwane earlier said the circumstances
surrounding the case were bizarre and that even the premier herself was
perplexed.

He said Rethlebusa was with his girlfriend for the whole day and was later
surprised by his arrest.

"He was not found in the car, there is no State witness and the police cannot
produce evidence linking him to the alleged crime," Zwane added.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                             First Drop-in Edition

Coalition rift over blocked foreign sale of cattle land

BYLINE: Peter Hartcher, James Massola, Jared Lynch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 525 words


Trade and Investment Minister Andrew Robb has branded his government's decision
to block the foreign sale of the sprawling 101,411-square-kilometre S Kidman &
Co cattle stations as "political" and backed greater foreign investment in
Australian agriculture.

Treasurer Scott Morrison announced the sale decision on Thursday, citing the
national interest clause in the Foreign Investment Act, the size of the 10
properties in the portfolio and national security issues around access to the
Woomera weapons testing range.

But Mr Robb said Australia had "always depended on foreign investment for
agriculture, because no bugger here will put money into the sector".

"You can't get an Australian investor to put money into agriculture for love nor
money," he said.

"Even sophisticated Australian investors won't put money into it.

"Agriculture is too long term for them, even though it's our great strength."

Implying that opposition to the sale was irrational, he said: "I've heard about
selling Australia forever. I just haven't seen a farm leave the country yet."

Asked if he was unhappy about it, Mr Robb said: "You might surmise that."

The decision, he said, "is political".

It is the second major foreign investment in agriculture to be blocked by the
Coalition government, after the ADM Graincorp deal in 2013, and has delighted
the Nationals and infuriated Liberal economic dries.

Mr Robb did not personally criticise Mr Morrison, but said: "We have to carry
people with us.

"There's politics around it, which we have to manage.

"Scott Morrison has a difficult job managing these issues.

"I'm not immune to the job of managing community expectations and fears while we
manage the investment flows." He said the trade agreements he had negotiated
with South Korea, Japan and China were helping attract new investment to
Australia, but that "every new wave of investment elicits the same response".

Nationals Senator John Williams said he believed "all foreign acquisitions of
agricultural land - private or state owned - should go through the FIRB [Foreign
Investment Review Board], to see if it's in the national interest", while also
calling for the property portfolio to be split up.

Fellow Nationals Senator Matthew Canavan said major loopholes in Australia's
foreign investment arrangements needed to be closed.

Both men said laws due to be debated in the Senate on Monday which lower the
threshold for screening foreign investments in agricultural land from $252
million down to $15 million should be backed by Labor.

Labor agriculture spokesman Joel Fitzgibbon dismissed the call for the Kidman
holdings to be broken up, a move Mr Morrison has indicated he would consider,
and accused the Turnbull government of having a discriminatory foreign
investment policy.

"The [2012] Greener Pastures report tells us that to meet our aspirations we
will need $600 billion in investment in agriculture by 2050, and as an island
nation with a small population, by definition much of that will need to come
from foreign sources."

Chinese companies Genius Link Asset Management and Shanghai Pengxin were the two
main bidders for S Kidman, valued at about $350-$370 million.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Robb. Photo: Glenn Campbell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday

His money's on farming

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


March 07--John McKowen admits paying higher prices for water to grow crops
arouses suspicion that the end game might be marketing the water.

But he thinks that in coming years, the smart money will be on farmers, not
developers.

"I think agriculture can be the economic engine that promotes a more efficient
use of water," McKowen, CEO of Two Rivers Water and Farming Co., told The Pueblo
Chieftain editorial board Wednesday. "The price of water is going up, and it
promotes more efficient use when you pay the true cost of water."

McKowen waved aside any suggestions that the company he started three years ago
wants to do anything besides make money from its farming operations.

"I have no interest in being in the water marketing business," McKowen said.
That said, he is interested in working on an arrangement with Colorado Springs
Utilities and the Pueblo Board of Water Works to store water in reservoirs he
plans to build on the Excelsior Ditch east of Pueblo. He would like to use
excess municipal water to grow even more crops, in return for providing storage
space to help the cities recover yield lost in providing Arkansas River flows
through Pueblo. The reservoir sites McKowen wants to develop are in the same
location identified for the recovery of yield program in 2005.

Two Rivers' business plan involves supporting about 30,000 acres of vegetable
crops either through direct ownership, leasing land or marketing for other
growers, McKowen said.

Vegetable crops have the potential for producing higher profits than the hay and
corn, which are most widely grown in the Arkansas Valley.

"A 400-acre farm could net $2,000 per acre rather than grossing $1,500 an acre,"
McKowen said. "What's hard to envision is that there will be a renaissance in
agriculture."

McKowen is primarily a businessman, and was successful in an Internet startup
venture in the late 1990s and a South American oil venture a few years later. He
became interested in farming after realizing a global food shortage is looming
as population grows.

The Arkansas Valley has the right climate, and with proper infrastructure could
become a major vegetable growing region, he said.

"People are naturally and reasonably suspicious," McKowen said. "All we're
interested in is growing the number of farms we have on the Bessemer Ditch and
the Huerfano-Cucharas Ditch system."

cwoodka@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130307-PB-His-money-s-on-farming-0307-20130307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                January 26, 1992, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Water may lubricate peace talks

BYLINE: By Bob Hepburn TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 875 words

DATELINE: AMMAN


   AMMAN - Too little water; too many weapons.

It's a lethal combination that has ignited past feuds in the Middle East and
could spark future wars.

In an arid region undergoing a population and a weapons explosion, the issue of
who controls the scare fresh waters, who owns the most tanks and missiles, who
is the most stubborn, may ultimately decide the fate of this battle-scared land.

"There simply isn't enough water for all of us," says Elias Salameh, director of
the Water Research Centre at the University of Jordan. "The situation is
alarming and getting worse."

How alarming?

Consider for a moment that each Canadian has access to 100 times as much fresh
water every year as each person living in the Middle East.

That means the 125 million residents in the Middle East live with the almost
daily worries of whether they will have enough water to drink or shower; to grow
their crops; to power their hydro-electric plants and help run their factories.

And if they have water, they fear, with justification, that it will be
dangerously polluted.

A United Nations researcher concluded last summer that Middle East nations that
believe they are not getting their fair share of water could go to war.

For the first time, a multinational conference opening Tuesday in Moscow will
try to find ways to share the Middle East's fresh water, to limit the growth of
weapons, and to co-operate on regional economic and environmental problems.

Invited by co-hosts Russia and United States are all of the Arab states, the
Palestinians, Israel, the European Community, Canada, China and Japan. Whether
they all show up is another matter.

Canada is one of about 20 observer nations who could be asked in the future to
contribute financial or technical aid for the regional issues.

"It may take months before we identify a niche for Canada," one Canadian
official said. "We don't have a great deal of money to throw about, so we won't
simply hand over cash. We may need it for the former Soviet republics, who are
facing massive hunger problems."

Jordan, which may be the poorest country in the Middle East when it comes to a
combination of water and money, is banking heavily on the multilateral talks.

"King Hussein has nailed his colors to the mast of this meeting," a Western
ambassador here said. "He calls the Moscow meeting 'the' international
conference on the Middle East that the Arab world has always sought."

Water, in fact, may be the key to peace.

Recent heavy rains and snow, the most severe in 60 years in most parts of the
Middle East, have eased a seven-year drought that drained reservoirs, turned
rivers into trickles, and forced rationing in Syria, Jordan, Israel and the
occupied territories.

But Elias Salameh of the University of Jordan says the rains are only a
reprieve, not a solution.

"Even if there were no borders, there still isn't enough water for this region,"
he said.

And like many countries in the area, Jordan's population is growing at
astounding rates. It will double in the next 18 years, yet there isn't enough
water for the population now.

Overpumping of the underground aquifers and the waters of the Jordan, the Tigris
and the Euphrates have created additional problems of pollution throughout the
region.

The three rivers already are sources of bitter conflicts.

In fact, Jordan has more problems with Syria over water than it does with
Israel.

"Syria is trying to collect any drop of water it can," one Jordanian official
said. "They won't co-operate with us at all."

Syria has built more than 30 small dams along the tributaries of the Yarmuk
River, which supplies much of Jordan's fresh water. The dams greatly cut the
flow of water into the river.

Syria and Jordan are co-operating on the Unity Dam along the Yarmouk. However,
the project has been stopped for decades, first by an Israeli bombing raid and
then by the refusal of the World Bank to provide funding.

The Yarmouk flows into the Jordan River and Israel fears its Arab neighbors
could cut it off entirely.

Turkey and Syria, meanwhile, are battling over the Euphrates River. Turkey has
been constructing reservoirs along the river, slashing its flow through eastern
Syria by half.

Both Jordan and Israel have invested billions of dollars to "make the desert
bloom," as the Israelis like to boast.

But at what price?

Both countries use 70 per cent of their water for agriculture, a stunning amount
that has depleted vital underground sources. Neither has the money to finance
desalinization plants large enough to serve their population.

"Water should not be used to produce wheat," Salameh said. "Water is too
precious. We need to redesign the economy away from more agriculture."

Compounding the problem of desperately short water supplies is the
still-thriving Middle East arms bazaar, expected to buy $60 billion in weapons
next year.

What might happen if the Middle East countries fail to reach agreement?

Says Elias Salameh: "We could see more polluted water, less food production,
more money spent on imports, more unemployment, squeezed budgets, increased
social unrest."

Toss in sophisticated missiles and "smart" bombs and the result could be
disastrous.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: map Mideast water supply & projectssupply; water; project; Mideast;
foreign; relations; Israel; Syria; Jordan

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     October 23, 2003 Thursday CITY EDITION

NATIONAL BRIEFING

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 626 words


Ruling: Pork checkoff violates free speech

A federal appeals court on Wednesday upheld a judge's decision that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's pork checkoff program was unconstitutional. The
three-judge panel of the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati ruled
against an appeal by the USDA and a pork industry group, saying the lower court
was correct to end "in its entirety" the program, which collects mandatory fees
from hog farmers, because of concerns it violated free speech. The decision was
hailed by the Campaign for Family Farms, a Missouri-based coalition of small hog
farmers, who had argued that the program violated free speech, since it required
farmers to fund promotions that they did not necessarily benefit from or agree
with. The $54 million pork checkoff program is financed through a mandatory fee,
called a "checkoff," which now amounts to 40 cents for every $100 of a sold
pig's value. It is best known for its promotion of pork as "the other white
meat."

Goodyear to restate 5 years of earnings

The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. late Wednesday said that it will restate earnings
for the past five years, decreasing income by as much as $100 million because an
accounting system caused billing errors. The company also said it was delaying
the release of its third-quarter earnings until mid-November. Results were
supposed to have been released today. In a statement released after the stock
market closed, Goodyear said the accounting system implemented in 1999 caused
errors with its billing systems, resulting in mistakes that are being identified
and corrected. The errors do not affect the company's cash flow or access to
credit, Goodyear said.

Quattrone jurors urged to try harder

A federal judge urged jurors Wednesday to try harder to reach a verdict in the
obstruction of justice trial of former star technology banker Frank Quattrone.
The jury was entering its fourth day of deliberations, and has reported to U.S.
District Judge Richard Owen that it substantially disagrees on the verdict.
Quattrone is charged with obstruction and witness tampering. "This is an
important case," Owen told jurors. "This trial has required a lot of time,
effort and money from both the defense and prosecution." A mistrial would force
the government to decide whether to try the case again.

Vanguard to disclose operating expenses

The Vanguard Group, the country's second-largest fund manager, Wednesday said it
will disclose details about fund operating expenses in its 2003 shareholder
reports. The nation's No. 2 fund manager said it will include a table that shows
the dollar cost an investor would incur over the fund's latest fiscal year
assuming a $10,000 investment and using the fund's actual expenses and total
return for the period. The move comes as regulators examine several mutual funds
managed by other companies to see whether they allowed improper trades.

Briefly: FleetBoston Financial said it would pay $1.3 billion for a $1.5 billion
portfolio of Circuit City Stores Inc. bank cards in a transaction expected to
add between 2 and 3 cents per share to FleetBoston earnings next year. ... The
Internal Revenue Service might question a tax transaction highlighted by
investigators pursuing Freddie Mac's accounting irregularities, with a potential
tax liability of $750 million plus interest. ... Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co., the
world's largest maker of chewing gum, said it will raise the prices of five
chewing-gum brands, the company's first such increase in 16 years. ... The
Teamsters union reached a tentative, five-year agreement with Anheuser-Busch
Cos. that would provide yearly raises and continue free health insurance for
about 7,500 brewery workers.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday

State sees hope in new Farm Bill;
More funding for programs tops wish list

BYLINE: DANIA AKKAD, Herald Salinas Bureau

SECTION: Z_BUSINESS

LENGTH: 841 words


Feeding more money into and cutting the red tape of conservation, nutrition and
farm-to-school programs, as well as getting California a greater share of
federal agricultural dollars, were at the top of the wish lists heard at
Thursday's Farm Bill listening session in Salinas.

The discussion was the first of four that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
will conduct statewide this summer, gearing up for the bill's introduction to
Congress early next year.

The Farm Bill is the road map for the allocation of the department's $100
billion annual budget, covering everything from foods stamps to international
trade of agricultural products.

Prior to the 1980s, the bill was primarily focused on the needs of commodity
farmers -- those who grow subsidized crops such as rice, cotton and soy, mostly
in the Midwest.

But more money has started to flow toward a wider spectrum of programs, raising
the hopes of more noncommodity interests, like the specialty crop and organic
farmers in Monterey County, who may get some traction with the upcoming bill.

California Secretary of Agriculture A.G. Kawamura, who participated in the
Salinas session, and his staff will take comments from the sessions into
consideration as they form a policy agenda to be passed along to Congress, said
U.S. Department of Agriculture spokesman Steve Lyle.

More than a dozen people spoke at the hearing, asking for funding for programs
ranging from those that help connect local farmers with local schools to others
that reward growers with money for using environmentally sensitive farming
techniques.

Specialty crops like those grown in the county account for 50 percent of the
country's crop value, said Jim Bogart, president of the Grower-Shipper
Association of Central California. But they "receive relatively little
consideration in current farm bill programs," he said.

Bogart added that 92 percent of commodity program payments go to five crops, a
quarter of the country's production value.

Specialty crop producers don't want price supports, but rather are looking for
more money to be invested into the research, consumer awareness and reduction of
international trade barriers of such products, he said.

Suzanne du Verrier, board president of the Food Bank for Monterey County, spoke
about the need for improved organization of the national food stamp program. As
much as $2.3 billion dollars of stamps that should go to eligible participants
never reach those people because of bureaucracy, she said.

The guidelines and goals of the Food Stamp Nutrition Education program, which
increases the likelihood that farm stamp recipients will make healthful food
choices, need to be outlined more clearly to include common sense activities,
like teaching children about healthful eating through growing gardens, she said.

At this point, none of the program's dollars can be spent on seeds or dirt, she
said.

"We can do garden-based education, but we can't use any of the money to grow
things," du Verrier said. "It's like saying you can go to school but we can't
buy you a book."

Gary Peterson, communications and development director for the Salinas-based
Agricultural and Land-Based Training Association, a nonprofit that helps
low-income people jump into farming, said his organization wants money to be
spent on programs that help develop beginning farmers and ranchers and promote
farmers markets.

A farmers market promotional program in the last Farm Bill, passed in 2002, was
only funded last year, receiving $1 million, Peterson said. That money was then
divided among 16 groups, even though 350 applications were submitted for the
grant money.

Kathryn Phillips, California Clean Air for Life campaign manager for
Environmental Defense, a nonprofit focused on solving environmental problems,
pushed for more funding for the Farm Bill's conservation programs, a sentiment
echoed repeatedly throughout the session.

Among the programs in the conservation section of the bill is the Environmental
Quality Incentive Program -- called "equip" by those at the hearing -- which
offers growers financial and technical assistance in exchange for their
environmentally sensitive stewardship of land.

Farmers own half of the country's private land, Phillips said after the meeting,
so it makes sense to connect with farmers, cut down on the paperwork they need
to enroll in such programs and reward them.

"They'd like some help," she said.

Phillips and other environmental organizations, including the Natural Resources
Defense Council, have been talking directly with farm organizations such as the
Western Growers Association since fall about their overlapping priorities for
the 2007 Farm Bill.

Many participants have said the collaborations between various groups that
wouldn't normally work together on issues is a new and exciting development and
comes as the state tries to further assert itself into a bill that has
traditionally favored big commodities.

"We've never done it like this in California," Phillips said.

Dania Akkad can be reached at 753-6752 or dakkad@montereyherald.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday
                               Advertiser Edition

YOUR STATE, YOUR SAY WHAT YOU SAID ABOUT BUSINESS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 329  words


"With the continuing effects of climate change, it will be important to maintain
a level of self-sufficiency in food production to allow us, as a state and
country, to mitigate any global shocks in agriculture."

"We desperately need to set up a free office rental situation for start-up tech
companies - like Silicon Valley. Offer it and we will attract the right people."

"Solar power, wind and hydro- electricity, get rid of coal, bring the bills down
and use natural resources we already have."

"We need to make it more appealing to come to Adelaide and spend money. In most
cases it's cheaper to go overseas than travel in your own country."

"Agriculture, manufacturing and technology. These areas have the biggest flow-on
effect. Most country towns would not exist unless there is some tourism or
mining."

"We need to rely on more than tourism, mining and agriculture. We're not a
Third-World country."

"Tourism can bring jobs quickly but new major modern attractions are desperately
needed here to keep year-round sustainability."

"The state cannot rely on a single industry. It needs a mix of industries at
different stages of their life cycle to avoid these continual boom/bust
situations."

"The future submarine and frigate projects will not only provide ongoing jobs
but build to a large and highly skilled workforce. The spin-off to other
industries will be huge and will put SA on the map."

"We need new manufacturing such as assistive technologies, robotics, photonics
and sensing, additive and subtractive manufacturing."

"We need to look after our farmers. We had a good food bowl in SA but now with
housing developments taking precedence, we are slowly losing our market
gardens."

"There is great potential with uranium, but the attitude of many intransigent
Australians needs to undergo a positive shift towards the technology available.
With that, MPs need to lead that change instead of being hamstrung by
polls.""We're taxed to the eyeballs and it's killing business."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

DEP approves Lake Carey 537 plan

BYLINE: Robert L. Baker, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 657 words


May 07--An state plan regarding sewage management around Lake Carey has been
approved by the state.

Tunkhannock Twp. supervisors announced Monday evening at their regular meeting
that they were notified earlier in the day that the plan submitted to the state
Department of Environmental Protection last year with revisions in March has
been approved.

Lemon Twp. Supervisor John Keefe said Tuesday morning that Lemon, which includes
the northern reaches of Lake Carey, was also notified of the action.

Tunkhannock Twp. Supervisor Veto Barziloski said Monday there are some permits
that would be required if money is found to move forward to build a central
sewage system.

And, he underscored that the townships' definition -- not the state's -- of
"affordability" would be used.

Debate in recent years has suggested a sewage management system could cost from
$8.5 million to $12 million, plus individual hookups, monthly fees and regular
maintenance.

Supervisor Glenn Shupp noted Monday that amount of money would be hard to come
by, but planned to talk with Mike Angerson of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development regional office to see what money was "out there" now that DEP
has approved the plan.

The DEP letter acknowledges "funding for Act 537 planning grants has been
severely reduced" and that some resources might be available through a Marcellus
Legacy Fund created from Impact Fee money since 2012.

Although the plan addresses sewage management needs in four different areas of
both townships, the roughly 385 residences immediately surrounding the 183-acre
Lake Carey and the 71-acre flow pond below it, defined as Area I, would feel the
greatest impact.

According to the DEP letter, that area would require the construction of a
wastewater treatment facility with a permitted hydraulic capacity of 120,000
gallons per day.

Although not identified in the May 4 letter, planning documents suggest the most
likely location of such a treatment facility would be behind the Shadowbrook
Golf Course off Billings Mill Brook Road, with any discharge into Tunkhannock
Creek.

The plan also addresses a sewage management plan for Area 3 (Mountain View
Terrace/Clarendon Acres), Area 4 (Route 92 commercial area immediately south of
the intersection with Route 6 Bypass) and Area 5 (Billings Mill Brook Road and
Marcy Station Area), but the Tunkhannock Twp. supervisors in their 537 update
revision eliminated the latter area for consideration of connection to a central
sewer system although it could have the capabilities of connection at a future
date.

In other business, Tunkhannock Twp. supervisors enacted a burn ban for at least
two weeks or until further notice. Supervisor Randy White said as first asst.
chief for Triton Hose Company, he's seen too many brush fires that got out of
hand recently.

The township also acknowledged Cleanup Day June 13.

Supervisors also discussed zoning briefly with a need to set up a planning
commission just for Tunkhannock Twp. of five members. "We hope to have their
names by the June meeting," Mr. Barziloski said.

Contact the writer:

bbaker@wcexaminer.com

What's next?

--Within 90 days of approval letter, a joint municipal authority between Lemon
and Tunkhannock Twps. would need to be established that could secure sufficient
grants/loans from the Rural Utilities Service to make the project affordable.

--60 days later, a consultant for the project design would be selected.

--60 days later, an NPDES permit would need to be filed with DEP.

--Up to 18 months, a complete design of the project.

--Next 30 days, advertise for bids to construct.

--Next 90 days, award bid.

--Next 18 months, complete project.

Should both municipal supervisor boards not obtain RUS funding at terms they
consider to be affordable, they will continue to seek favorable funding.

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150507-YT-DEP-approves-Lake-Carey-537-plan-0507-20150507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                             April 12, 2010 Monday

Member states push for infrastructure investment at COMESA

LENGTH: 704 words


SHARM EL-SHEIKH: "The image of Africa does not reflect the positive economic
developments that have taken place ... and it's time to portray a new image and
put Africa on the investment map," Egyptian Investment Minister Mahmoud
Mohieldin said Monday at a COMESA conference.

During his opening remarks at the third annual COMESA Investment Forum in Sharm
El-Sheikh, titled "Connecting Africa to the World," Mohieldin said the
conference is meant to "boost investment ties between member countries and
investment institutions worldwide, and [present] investment opportunities in
development projects."

Cooperation between member states of the common market help facilitate trade and
investment as well as streamline business procedures for a region with 400
million people.

Trade has exponentially increased over the past five years, and even after
enduring three crises (food, fuel and financial), "Africa has proven resilient."

The focus moving forward will be on pumping money into major infrastructure
projects across the region, as well as in information technology, telecom,
energy, agriculture, manufacturing and finance.

Member states are already working on creating common investment area, to reap
the benefits of their partnership, much like their intra-COMESA free trade
agreement.

The common investment area to facilitate capital flows, Mohieldin said, "all
common market areas have provisions to move capital." What's needed to move
forward with this area is the approval of six of the 19 member countries.

Sindiso Ngwenya, secretary general of COMESA, said at the opening that the FTA
enacted in October 2000 has already helped trade grow from $3.2 billion in 2000
to $15.2 billion in 2008, and the aim remains for a Grand FTA, one that would
span from Cairo to Cape Town.

The legal framework adopted to govern relations between member states has helped
ensure non-discriminatory treatment as well as protection of investments.
Cross-border investments are mostly directed to manufacturing and services
sectors, as opposed to sectors like real estate and construction, where FDI
usually flows.

Officials announced that a detailed report on cross-border investment will be
released this coming June.

Despite the development accomplished so far, however, Mohieldin pointed out
several challenges facing any kind of sustainability, namely unemployment rates
in the region and a slowdown in growth figures.

"Attracting FDI remains a major challenge for the region as a whole," Ngwenya
said, before pointing out that investment flows into the common market reached
$450 billion, making it an attractive investment destination.

Highlighting some success stories, Mohieldin pointed to Rwanda, which came in
first place as the top reformer in 2010, while Egypt maintained its place in the
top 10 reformers for the fourth year while maintaining its reform program.

Talking more about Egypt at a press conference later that day, Mohieldin said
growth rates are expected at more than 5 percent this fiscal year and at about 6
percent next year.

Asked about the current minimum wage debate in Egypt, Mohieldin announced that
Safwat El-Sherif, head of the Shoura Council, said Monday that "the NDP will
discuss how to deal with policies related to wages and ways to share some of the
fruits of growth and investment."

Welshman Ncube, minister of industry and commerce of Zimbabwe and chairman of
COMESA Council of Ministers, said that COMESA "creates an environment for
promotion of trade and investment, designed to serve the interests of our
people. The key being to establish peace, stability and security...microeconomic
stability is a condition for investment and trade in the region."

He reiterated investment in infrastructure as currently the top priority for
member states, saying that "without infrastructure, trade within and without
COMESA region cannot be carried out efficiently."

Along with transportation, energy, technology and communication, Ncube added
that investment in agriculture is equally important due to "current food
security threat" in the region.

"High energy costs affect business and competitiveness, so it is important to
invest in energy, namely in renewable energy sources such as solar and wind," he
added.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2010 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 17, 2007 Saturday

Fast-food syrup

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 807 words


WESTMINSTER -- Dan Crocker spends a lot of time worrying himself over how liquid
flows.

As one of the largest maple syrup producers in the state, Crocker's livelihood
depends on how the sap runs.

A slight change in temperature over a few days may mean the difference between a
profitable year and a losing one.

Over the past few weeks though, Crocker has been doing his best to understand
and manipulate the flow of another kind of liquid: Used vegetable oil.

Crocker, co-owner of Sidelands Sugarbush, is poised to become the first
commercial sugar maker in the state to power his operation almost entirely from
used vegetable oil.

Other maple syrup makers have used biodiesel, a mix of vegetable oil and
petroleum, but Crocker had 6,500 gallons of filtered fast-food oil delivered
this winter. After a busy few weeks of welding, piping and figuring out how to
make his equipment run on the new power source, the sugar house was billowing
steam Thursday, and his staff was bottling some of Vermont's first 100 percent
green maple syrup.

"It's going to save me money, and it's good for the environment," Crocker said
as he knelt down beside a puzzle of pumps and pipes in his sugar house. "I did
it for the fun of doing it, the challenge. There are still kinks to work out,
but we almost have it right."

Used vegetable oil will gel at low temperatures and Crocker had to devise a
system that would heat the oil and allow it to flow down the hill from the tank
that he installed right above the sugar house.

An evaporator as big as an automobile boiled away and the aroma of maple-dipped
french fries, if such a product exists, hung in the air.

Crocker first thought about converting over to an alternative fuel six years ago
after a family friend told him about the biodiesel movement that was just
starting to gain steam.

"Oil was 80 cents a gallon at the time," Crocker remembered. "Why would I go
through the hassle?"

Since then, the price of oil has gone through the roof and talk of global
warming has moved from the fringe into the mainstream.

Energy costs are one of Crocker's main expenses. It has been a long time since
he made syrup with cut wood and Crocker estimates that he will save at least
$5,000 a year fueling his evaporator with used oil. He can save even more if he
collects enough free oil from area restaurants in the coming year.

The equipment used at Sidelands is always on the cutting edge of modern, maple
technology.

A powered vacuum system sucks the sap out of trees, increasing the yield when
other sugar makers are contending with a sad drip.

A reverse osmosis machine draws about 75 percent of the water out of the sap
before it is boiled down and light, strong tubing snakes its way across the 300
acres that Crocker sugars.

But the used vegetable oil forced Crocker to modify his system a little more.

Last year, Crocker won an almost $9,000 grant from the Northeast Region
Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education Program, a U.S. Department of
Agriculture-funded program that supports environmentally sound and socially
progressive agriculture practices.

The program looks at a variety of proposals that have the potential to help
farmers and improve sustainability.

The review team liked Crocker's idea because it has the potential of helping
maple sugar makers all over New England said Dale Riggs, a farmer grant
specialist with the SARE program.

"Farmers face energy issues between cost and availability and Dan's proposal
holds the potential to help other maple syrup producers if it works," Riggs
said. "The fact that he was looking at energy alternatives was highly
desirable."

The grants are given out to farmers who are experimenting with new and
innovative ideas and not to fund processes that already work.

"We want to reduce the risk so farmers can be innovative and benefit others,"
she said.

The grant paid for some of the infrastructure improvements Crocker had to make
to develop his new system. He said he invested another $15,000 completing the
project.

He is also powering a generator with the vegetable oil. The generator supplies
most of the energy for the lights, heat, bottling machine and other equipment in
his sugar house.

Aside from the fact that maple syrup and vegetable oil meet on millions of diner
plates every morning, there is another connection between the two liquids.

The emissions of greenhouse gases are raising the average temperature in
Vermont, some anti-global warming advocates warn.

And warmer winters mean less sap will flow and fewer dollars will go into the
pockets of sugar makers.

"I just like the idea of being green. If I can do my little bit to help the
environment, I'll do it," Crocker said. "I'm doing my part in my business. We're
in the sugar business and global warming makes me nervous."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                October 18, 1998, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

INDEPENDENT MONSANTO FACES SEVERAL HURDLES: SOME PRODUCTS MAY BE UP FOR SALE

BYLINE: Robert Steyer; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. E1

LENGTH: 570 words


A bioengineered drug that increases cows' milk production and the artificial
sweetener NutraSweet are two products Monsanto Co. might consider selling to
raise money and refine its corporate strategy, several analysts say.

Speculation of this has been heightened in anticipation of a meeting Monday in
New York between analysts and company officials. Analysts expect Monsanto to
provide details on its plans following last week's collapse of a merger with
American Home Products Corp.

"They said they want to become more focused, and to me that means emphasizing
drugs and agriculture," said G. Patrick Dunkerley, an analyst with Securities
Corp. of Iowa.

"I think they could sell some assets, but it depends on how bad they need the
money," said Fred Siemer, an independent analyst in New York.

Monsanto wants to raise up to $ 6 billion by issuing debt and/or stock. It
hasn't discussed a timetable for its venture into the capital markets. But it
also plans to make some adjustments in strategy and do some belt-tightening to
keep a solid balance sheet, having lost the financial cushion that would have
been provided by American Home.

Those adjustments, analysts say, could mean the sale of some products or new
business combinations for some others.

Monsanto wouldn't comment on the analysts' speculation. Executives said last
week that the company would complete pending deals to buy seed companies. The
company also said it would seek partners to help develop and market some drugs
now in development.

Some analysts believe Monsanto might sell bovine somatotropin (BST), the
genetically engineered drug that increases cows' milk production. The drug has
been the company's most controversial venture into bioengineering.

Although BST hasn't lived up to expectations, it has become profitable and
produced an estimated $ 160 million in sales last year.

But BST, sold under the brand name Posilac, is the only animal-related product
in Monsanto's bioengineered portfolio. That has provoked speculation that BST
could be sacrificed as the company focuses on crop yields and nutrition.

Christine McCracken, an agribusiness analyst for Vector Securities, said BST
would be a logical candidate for a sale, as would the swine breeding business of
DeKalb Genetics Corp., the nation's second largest seed-corn company. Monsanto
owns 40 percent of DeKalb and has offered $ 2.3 billion bid for the rest of it.

NutraSweet presents an intriguing dilemma. It dominates the $ 1 billion U.S.
market for artificial sweeteners, but it is under increasing pressure from
makers of generic sugar substitutes and from new competitors such as Sunett,
made by Hoechst Group, and Sucralose, offered by Johnson & Johnson.

NutraSweet provides a steady flow of cash. It also serves as a foundation for
Monsanto's research into another sugar substitute, Neotame, which is 8,000 times
as sweet as sugar. NutraSweet is 200 times as sweet as sugar. Last December,
Monsanto asked the Food and Drug Administration to approve Neotame as a tabletop
sweetener. Monsanto plans to ask the FDA for other uses by year-end.

"NutraSweet would be on the top of my list ," Siemer said. But he and other
analysts also said that Monsanto could make a deal with a food company to help
it market Nutrasweet and Neotame. That would give Monsanto some upfront money as
well as a steady, but smaller, flow of cash in the future.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 27, 1995, Friday, Tampa Edition

Sugar land buyback making progress

BYLINE: DAVID DAHL

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



As the Senate prepared to vote on the future of the sugar price support  program
today, Florida Sen. Bob Graham reported progress in talks on Thursday  to force
the state's farmers to kick in several million dollars for land in  the
Everglades.

"I think we're making progress," Graham, D-Fla., said of the discussions  with
the sugar industry. "They've made suggestions. I've met with members of  the
delegation."

Graham said he'd like to raise some $ 35-million - half the $ 70-million he
estimates is needed to acquire roughly 32,000 acres of land that experts say  is
vital for water storage in the scheme to restore the Everglades.

No deal has been struck in the negotiations. "It's not going to be easy to
raise that much money," Graham cautioned.

Meanwhile, GOP presidential candidate Richard Lugar of Indiana scheduled a  news
conference for today, a few days after meeting with the National Audubon
Society and other environmentalists who urged him to endorse an assessment on
Florida-produced sugar to raise money for land acquisition.

"He was very interested in the idea," said Will Callaway, a lobbyist with  the
National Audubon Society.

Lugar is chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee. Though he is no fan  of
the sugar price support program, the Farm Bill his panel produced kept the
system largely intact while cutting spending in crop price subsidies.

The legislation lowered the sugar price current support slightly and made  the
loans to processors less attractive to producers. Industry spokesman said  the
changes would cause some pain, but conceded that the program wouldn't be
eliminated.

The Farm Bill - which sets agriculture policy for seven years - is part of  the
massive budget balancing bill on the Senate floor. A similar measure that  keeps
the sugar program intact passed the House Thursday.

Today, Sen. Judd Gregg, R-N.H., is expected to ask his colleagues to pull  the
sugar portion out of the rest of the budget bill, in hopes of ultimately
eliminating the sugar price support system.

Critics say that the price support program - though it doesn't cost  taxpayers
any money directly - artificially inflates the cost of sugar.

They say it enriches sugar growers and encourages them to continue farming  the
environmentally fragile land around the Everglades. The sugar farms are  blamed
for polluting the Everglades.

Sugar industry officials say they've cleaned up their act in recent years,  and
point out that they recently agreed to contribute more than $ 300-million  to
restore the Everglades.

They add that their industry supplies badly needed jobs in the central part  of
the state.

Graham said he'll vote against Gregg's effort. He wants to keep the sugar
program alive, but he and Sen. Connie Mack, R-Fla., are still discussing ways
to extract more money from the growers to buy environmentally sensitive land.

At issue is what's known as the Talisman Sugar Corp. property, located in
southern Palm Beach County. The land, experts believe, is a necessary piece of
the government's plan to re-establish the flow of water through the cleansing
marshes in and around the Everglades.

Earlier this month, Graham convened a meeting with Interior Secretary Bruce
Babbitt, Gov. Lawton Chiles and top sugar farmers to discuss the Talisman land
purchase.

Environmentalists - who were not at the meeting - complain that Graham and
others aren't ambitious enough in their hopes to buy environmentally fragile
land around the Everglades. They've been buying newspaper advertisements to
push a 2-cent a pound tax on Florida sugar to raise $ 75-million a year, but
Graham's aides have said that's not politically feasible.

He's pushing an increase of a few tenths of a cent.

Even if Graham and environmentalists come to some agreement with the sugar
industry, they still would have to persuade their colleagues in the House to  go
along with the idea.

Earlier this week, House Agriculture Committee Chairman Pat Roberts,  R-Kan.,
suggested that environmentalists take their campaign to Florida's  state
Legislature because they want to impose a Florida-specific tax.

"I think they're a little late, considering the schedule of the  congress,"
Roberts added.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Sen. Bob Graham

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  September 19, 1997, Friday, JOURNAL EDITION

Developers ban rafters from river

BYLINE: John Harmon; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 566 words


Blairsville ---For years the West Fork of the Chattooga River, a picturesque
stream that flows clear and cold out of the mountains of Rabun County, has been
a popular novice and beginner raft and canoe river.

Now paddlers must beware of more than just rapids and rocks.

Private developers have strung a steel cable across the West Fork, unofficially
closing the river as it runs through their 230-acre parcel. Contending that
paddlers have littered and vandalized their property and expressing concerns of
accident liability, they have threatened boaters with criminal trespassing
warrants if they dare cross the wire.

The cable is stretched about 15 feet above the river and does not actually
impede the boaters. A sign hanging from it ominously says: "Survivors will be
prosecuted."

"If we catch anybody out there, we'll take them to jail," said property owner
Earl Lovell of Clarkesville. He bought the land with Scotty Fain of Hiawassee
for $ 1.5 million in late August. Lovell says they plan to build a golf course.
But the U.S. Forest Service says Lovell and Fain can't legally close the river.
Forest Service officials, who met with developers this week, have given them
"several days" to resolve the issue, says Forest Service District Ranger Dave
Jensen.

The West Fork is part of a congressionally designated National Wild and Scenic
River. The dispute does not affect the more famous mainstem of the Chattooga,
where outfitters guide paying customers downstream through some of the biggest
rapids in the South.

Virtually all the land along the West Fork and the main Chattooga is owned by
the federal government as National Forest in Georgia, South Carolina and North
Carolina. For years the Forest Service has attempted to buy the parcel in
question.

"The government's position is that the public has the right to use the river,"
says John Ebersole, a senior attorney for the U.S. Agriculture Department's
Office of General Counsel. "Conversely, they have no right to keep people from
using it."

In the meantime, the Forest Service urges boaters to stay off the river where it
flows through the disputed tract until an agreement can be reached with the
landowners.

"We might be able to address some of their concerns about littering and use of
their dry-land property, but the river has to be open," Ebersole said.

Jensen says the Forest Service is continuing to negotiate both an end to the
attempt to close that piece of the river and the possibility of eventually
acquiring the property. He said the developers have expressed an interest in
either selling the land to the Forest Service or exchanging it for other
National Forest lands elsewhere in North Georgia, a process that is allowed by
law and has been used in the past to obtain environmentally critical parcels.

The executive director of the Chattooga River Watershed Coalition contends that
the developers are merely trying to pressure the Forest Service to make a deal.

"It's a pure stunt to get the public riled up in hope that the public will
demand that the government go in there and buy them out at their price," said
the executive director, Buzz Williams. "These are unscrupulous developers that
are holding this piece of land hostage to make money."

Lovell doesn't deny that he hopes to make a profit. "I don't buy land for
nothing. I buy land to make money," Lovell said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution
