
                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 24, 1983, Sunday, Final Edition

How to Make $100,000 From a 25-Acre Farm;
A Lone Guru in Alabama Has Figured Out How to Make Small Plots Profitable

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair

SECTION: Outlook; Insight; C5

LENGTH: 994 words

DATELINE: MONTGOMERY, Ala.


Dr. Booker T. Whatley is a guru, the spiritual force behind what we might call
the Temple of the Small and Common Sensical.

The guru's sanctum is his home, laden with books and honorific plaques. The
disciples and the curious call incessantly for guidance. People pay hard cash
for his thoughts. The guru consumes a lot of unfiltered Luckies and instant
coffee and he is amused by all the hoorah he's provoked.

The hoorah comes because Whatley is a curious hybrid from the groves of
agricultural academe, promoting an idea so marvelously simple that it has given
him bigger- than-life status among Americans looking for better ways to reap
profit from farming.

Honed to its finest, the idea is this: Farm small, farm intensively, farm for a
specific market, farm what no one else farms. Moreover, Whatley has developed a
plan for grossing, believe it or not, $100,000 annually from no more than 25
acres.

Such is the parlous state of the American farm economy and so scant the federal
government and university research on small farming, that the frustrated and the
innovative flock to Whatley's knee, whether he's lecturing on the road or
sitting at home here in his easy chair.

In less than two years, subscriptions to his small-farm newsletter have climbed
from 500 to 20,000. He gets stacks of mail. He is on the road constantly,
outlining his small-farm plan. His seminars have been shown on national and
regional television. He's scheduled to go to Saudi Arabia and Haiti this year to
advise and consult.

"There's nothing magic in what I'm talking about," Whatley said recently. "It is
just hard common sense. Which is uncommon. Nothing at all magic or 'unique,' as
these jokers say."

Whatley doesn't name names and he insists he's not looking for trouble, but the
"jokers" he talks about are unmistakably the academicians, the bureaucrats and
politicians who roll out yards of statistics that demonstrate there is little or
no commercial future for farmers on 25-acre plots.

"USDA and the land-grants are just not working to research small farms. The
land-grants must have matching money, they have to face state legislatures every
year for money. Legislators are concerned about crops that produce money. So the
experiment station director will worry about soybeans, cotton or nuts, but he
won't worry about purple cabbage," Whatley said. "The research money has gone to
those money crops. We all think for anything to be good it's got to be big."

It took awhile for him to reach this point. Whatley, 67, grew up in a black
section of rural Alabama. His father farmed and young Whatley went to Alabama
A&M to study agriculture. After a doctorate in horticulture from Rutgers, he
joined the faculty at Southern University in Lousiana and began work on
sweet-potato breeding, picking up some of the loose ends left by the famed
George Washington Carver. He did much of the key plant breeding of the Carver
and the Tuskegee 100, sweet potatoes grown commonly in the South. He also
developed 15 varieties of grapes, including the Foxxy Lottie, named for his
wife.

But Whatley always wanted to go home and he got the chance in 1969 when a
faculty slot opened at Tuskegee Institute, about 45 miles from here. That seemed
entirely proper. He was named in part for Booker T. Washington, who built
Tuskegee to world renown. He revered Carver, who did his work there.

"About 1973, it became clear to me that small landholders could make a good
living if they grew crops -- like sweet potatoes and grapes -- that will produce
a minimum of $3,000 per acre annually. That eliminated all these things that the
small farmers were trying to do -- cotton, corn, dairy, and so on," he said.

Whatley published his first academic paper on the subject in 1974. About that
time the Rockefeller Foundation was looking for a place to spend some money on
small-farm research. The road led to Tuskegee and Whatley, where the
Rockefellers plunked down $250,000 for a three- year study.

Whatley set up a 25-acre farm with a small pond and set about calculating ways
to turn it into a money- maker for a full-time farmer. By the time he retired
from regular teaching in 1981, Whatley had it figured out.

The plan he promotes today is largely the result of that work at Tuskegee. It
varies according to types of crops that can be grown in different regions, but
it will work, he insists, if the farmer adheres to the guru's commandments.

Some of the rules:

* The farm must be a fulltime operation.

* It must be on a paved road.

* It must have an ample supply of water.

* It must not be more than 40 miles from a metropolitan area.

* It must have a year-round cash flow from crops that mature sequentially.

* It must be run on a membership basis to assure a steady flow of customers.

* It must raise crops the members want.

* They must pick the crops themselves to cut labor costs.

As Whatley describes it, the possibilities are limitless, but his basic
production mix calls for sweet potatoes, fish in the pond, rabbits, a quail or
pheasant rookery, different types of berries and tree fruits, grapes, all manner
of vegetables.

The response to this has been big, but Booker T. Whatley seems to be just
starting. He plans to set up a network of model farms around the country next
year and he's now hiring state coordinators to help counsel farmers who want to
take up the plan. His Whatley Farms Inc. has started a scholarship fund to push
bright young high schoolers into small-farm research.

"A lot of folks think I'm running an extension service, but damn, I'm not
competing with anyone. There's just so much to do," Whatley said. "And I don't
have all the answers. Somebody asked me about my plan for a small farmer who
lived 75 miles from a big city. I'm a horticulturist, not a sociologist. I told
him to move closer to the city. I'm not trying to save them all."

Ward Sinclair covers agriculture for the national staff of The Washingtoon Post.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: One: Booker T. Whatley.

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 16, 2006 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

U.S. agricultural policies are destroying farming

BYLINE: By George Pyle

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Another voice / Food production; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 497 words


In farm country, Christmas comes about every five years. The next visit of Santa
Claus -- or in this case, Uncle Sam -- is due in 2007. The wish list of American
agribusiness giants and their vassals at the U.S. Department of Agriculture is
the same as always: many billions of federal dollars propping up an unnatural,
anti-competitive, security-undermining, environment-destroying system that gluts
the world with cheap grain and pig manure.

And any warm feeling taxpayers might get for thinking their money goes to
support the traditional family farm springs from about as much reality as flying
reindeer.

After 52 public forums from Florida to Alaska and 4,000 public comments, the
USDA clings to its willful misreading of the situation, promoting policies that
endanger the planet and destroy farms from Nebraska to Niger.

Some hold out hope that next year's Congress might take another course. But the
USDA's summary report of the issues facing American agriculture still views
farming as an industrial process needing to ramp up production and increase
exports. It's a sad missive that refers to the dependency of livestock and
vegetable producers on straitjacketing production contracts with giant
processors as "opportunities" and calls the need for farm families to balance
their budgets with off-farm jobs a "choice."

It's a business plan that assumes poor nations whose agricultural base is
destroyed by America's market-glutting production will magically start having
the kind of disposable income necessary to buy our grain and meat.

It's a blueprint for yet another round of taxpayer subsidies for the so-called
program crops -- wheat, corn, rice, soybeans and cotton -- that push farmers to
max out production using all the fertilizer and pesticides they can afford.

The government dropped nearly $144 billion on farm subsidies between 1995 and
2004, according to calculations by the Environmental Working Group. The bulk of
that money went to an ever-shrinking number of giant companies and cooperatives
that continue to soak up both the taxpayers' money and their neighbors' land.

The resulting cut-rate price of corn further encourages feedlot fattening of
cattle, hogs and poultry rather than the more natural grazing. The
nitrogen-heavy runoff from those massive feeding operations, combined with all
the fertilizer that flows from wheat and corn fields in the Plains and upper
Midwest, endangers municipal water supplies and once-teeming sea life downstream
in the Gulf of Mexico.

True conservation farming, where land is lovingly husbanded everywhere, not
hyper-farmed here and left fallow there, is the key to sustainable, affordable
food production. And we can have it for a fraction of what we now spend on
production subsidies, if we tell Congress that is what we want.

George Pyle is author of "Raising Less Corn, More Hell: The Case for the
Independent Farmer and Against Industrial Food." He wrote this for the Land
Institute's Prairie Writers Circle, Salina, Kan.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           September 18, 2007 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 695  words


Water conservation continues to dominate readers' thoughts. What are your views?

Visionary pioneers

TOURISM-BASED businesses are being hit by the secondary effect of low-river
flows. Without doubt, those involved with agriculture are facing a very grim
future and their plight must be understood and action taken.

It is ironic though that with the hardships facing our fruitgrowers, the river
itself looks the best it has been.

Low flows means the water is clear and fishing improved. The reality of low
flows does not necessarily mean low levels. Below Lock 1, the river is lower
than normal; however, for the most part, it is easily navigable.

Above Lock 1 in the Riverland, the Murray River is pool level (normal), which
means all water-based activities can continue. Tourism is still a viable
industry and a worthwhile employer in our river regions.

Rather than absolute pessimism, we should be thankful that our forefathers built
the lock system, which maintains for us a navigable river and, usually, enough
water for agriculture. More recently, the introduction of the salt interception
schemes have benefited the Murray and in these low-flow periods are still
reducing salinity.

Our river is precious and our state depends on it. We can still enjoy it.

* JAMES COPELAND,

Waikerie.

Water-wise plan

ON a visit to the Botanic Garden, I decided to visit the new SA Water-sponsored
Mediterranean Garden, north of the new cafe and bookshop building. I dutifully
read the signs explaining how every drop of water counts and how plants of this
type use far less water than exotic varieties.

I was then astonished to see a garden bed in the course of preparation with a
closely spaced network of drip irrigation pipes laid out, presumably ready for
covering and planting. A little farther on I discovered two more large beds laid
out with drip irrigation pipes in the same way. One can only presume that the
whole of this new ''water-wise'' garden is designed on the same basis with
intensive drip irrigation.

Surely this negates the very point that the Botanic Garden is trying to
demonstrate and that SA Water is trying to get across?

* HUGH ORR,

Royston Park.

Property rights

IRRIGATORS are seeking compensation following reduced water allocations. Their
claims centre around the ''property right'' they possess to water as described
in their licences.

Respect for property rights, including titles to land and securities, are
central to fairness and the operation of commerce.

These rights are to be defended. The strength of growers' rights to water
deserve to be tested, in a court if necessary.

* VENTON COOK,

Blackwood.

Responsibility

TWO stories (The Advertiser, 15/9/07) - one of the proposed desalination plant
and the other of farmers facing ruin - made me think it's about time we took
responsibility for our water.

In countries where water is collected by a single bucket-load, the thought of
flushing fresh drinking water down the toilet or filling a swimming pool would
be considered a shocking waste of a precious resource.

Our rural cousins must depend on tanks and bores and, therefore, use every drop
carefully; whereas we, in the city, can run a shower all day with no penalty. A
user-pays system would at least be fairer.

A desalination plant will not fill the river but more careful and responsible
use of water will ease demand. We need to think more about where this water is
coming from and where it is going. Why can't we have two pipes running to a
house - one of fresh drinking water, one of grey water, plumbed accordingly?

Meanwhile, do our farmers get compensation for losing their livelihood because
of a mismanaged water system?

Perhaps milk companies could be persuaded to share their profits as someone is
making money out of the rising price of milk, and it doesn't seem to be the
farmers.

* LOIS WATSON,

Aberfoyle Park.

Driest state

IT doesn't take a rocket scientist to work out that 50,000 new migrants to SA
since 2001 must consume a massive amount of water.

Water action must begin at the top and those in power must set an example,
otherwise who is really listening. The driest state in the driest continent -
and still they come!

* BRONWYN MICHELLE,

Salisbury East.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           December 21, 2006 Thursday

'Our pleas for payments fell on deaf ears'

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 409 words


Hundreds of farmers are facing a cheerless Christmas with the announcement of
yet more delays in government payments.

East Yorkshire farmers backed a campaign to ensure they received the lion's
share of the subsidies they are owed by Christmas Day.

The Conservative Party campaign called on the Government to stump up as least 80
per cent of the 2007 Single Payment Scheme (SPS) by December 25.

But the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has revealed
the first half of the cash payment will not be made until February.

Many farmers are still suffering from delays in paying this year's SPS, which is
believed to average £20,000 for East Yorkshire farms.

Driffield farmer Paul Temple, vice-chairman of the National Farmers' Union,
said:  "The plea for the payments to be made by Christmas Day has fallen on deaf
ears.

"Farmers are now facing more delays in getting the money through, which is
likely to cause more financial hardship for some of them.

"This is a miserable performance by the Rural Payments Agency, which is
responsible for sending out the money in England. It could do much better."

The SPS is a single annual subsidy for every farmer for looking after their
land, rather than a series of payments for producing food.

Payments come from the European Union's multi-billion pound agriculture budget.
Some member states have already paid out the cash to their farmers.

Mr Temple, who regularly visits Brussels on NFU business, said: "Farmers in
Ireland and France received 50 per cent of their payments in October.

"I understand some farmers in Wales and Scotland have received the full amount
of the payments, which should have started to be paid on December 1.

"Once again, English farmers have been treated badly by the Government, which
has a legal obligation to make all the payment by the end of next June.

"It is continual frustration for farmers, but at least we now have a date for
getting half of the payments which we will be able to put into our cash flows."

The announcement of more delays follows a report by the Royal Agricultural
Benevolent Institution (RABI) that the situation has led to more calls for help.

Chris Williams, RABI regional officer, said a lot of their work was dealing with
financial hardship, which had increased due to the SPS delays.

He said: "This situation has resulted in a significant number of calls to us."

d.taylor@hdmp.co.uk

Links

Defra

www.defra.gov.uk

National Farmers' Union

www.nfuonline.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 24, 2008 Thursday

Residents repeat we want all of Millbrook fixed

BYLINE: Jonathan L'Ecuyer, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Jul. 24--ROCKPORT -- A standing-room-only crowd of concerned residents gathered
at the police station Tuesday to convince the Public Works Board of
Commissioners to support repairs to the entire Millbrook Meadow area as opposed
to only the dam.

"It was very promising, they were very receptive to the issues," said Charmaine
Blanchard, a leader in the grassroots effort to restore the area, which was
damaged when flooding rains caused the Millbrook Dam to breach during Mother's
Day weekend in 2006.

Commissioners allotted 20 minutes at 8 p.m. for residents to voice concerns
about Millbrook Meadow, a small park where community events are often held.

The commissioners agreed with the approximately 40 people who attended that the
entire area, including the dam, its neighboring park and waterways, should be
restored. "It's just a matter of how to fund (the work)," Blanchard said.

Earlier this week, board Chairman Robert Burbank said it all came down to
available money.

"A lot of people around the park would like to see a project where all is
restored; I personally would like that as well, but money and funding haven't
been approved for that yet," Burbank said Monday. "We as a committee have
separated that project from the dam work. The projects do not have to be done
together and should not be done together."

The dam was stabilized with a $30,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service. However, because Mill Pond
has been filled with sediment and the heavier than normal water flow eroded the
stone culverts that funnel water down to Front Beach and into the ocean,
residents agree there is a lot of work to be done.

A report prepared by GEI Consultants estimated it would take $719,000 to repair
the dam, a figure that does not include repairs to the park and the culverts.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency, however, has approved only $340,321 for
the dam project.

With a Dec. 31 deadline to secure additional FEMA funding quickly approaching,
GEI has been working to secure the difference.

Blanchard said the group was pleased the commissioners agreed to request a
public presentation by GEI to explain its design plans for the new dam.

Blanchard said the group wanted to see the design plans for replacement of the
dam because of its historical background.

The group understands the dam must be built to meet today's standards, but
because it was built in 1702, Blanchard said the new dam's front facade should
be designed to fit the time period in which it was originally constructed.

Historic District Commission Chairman Stephen Demarco attended the meeting and
offered to help the group, Blanchard said.

"There's no doubt it's going to be a long process, but at least it seems like
the process is moving in the right direction," Blanchard said. "We were not
disappointed or discouraged, we just wanted to keep the issues down there on
their radar."

Jonathan L'Ecuyer can be reached at jlecuyer@gloucestertimes.com

c_

To see more of the Gloucester Daily Times or to subscribe, go to
http://www.gloucestertimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Gloucester Daily Times,
Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080724-GS-Residents-repeat-we-want-all-of-Millbrook-fixed-0724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                                 Copyright 2008


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                August 18, 2016

Ogbeh Lauds Ooni On Youth in Agriculture

LENGTH: 505 words


The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Chief Audu Ogbeh, has
described the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi as very passionate about
agriculture and matters concerning the youth. The minister made this assertion
in Abuja during the visit of the king to talk about agriculture. Ogbeh described
the Ooni as "a patron of the young agriculture graduates associate, from all the
parts of the country."

He said: "The Ooni brought them first to talk to me about what they are doing,
what they intend to do and what the government can do, joining hands together.
His particular concern was on the situation with fertiliser. That the prices
have gone so high that urea is selling now in some areas for N20,000, which is a
concern we too have raised here, because, after the disruption of the
distribution channel early in the year, we have never been able to recapture
that flow. And the manufacturers who claim to have capacity to meet our demands
don't seem to be meeting the demands.

"One major company says their bagging machinery is faulty, which is what has
made it difficult for them to have fertiliser for distribution," the minister
continued. "Some people have suspected that they are exporting instead of
selling in the local market. The other had a period of shutdown when they were
doing their turn-around maintenance; all that has resulted in exploitation by
the distributors."

Ogbeh expressed concern that "at N20,000 per bag of urea, that definitely is not
good for agriculture, as the effect of that on production will definitely be
felt."

He expressed optimism about a bumper harvest, stressing that "it may not be as
great as we should have had if fertiliser distribution was flowing."

The other issue he mentioned was that of the agrodealers. He added: "We
inherited a debt of N87 biillion. If you compare that to our total budget of N34
billion, it means that even our entire budget in the ministry cannot settle that
debt, especially because state governments also reneged on their counterpart
funding issue.

"So, we got stuck. These are the problems we are dealing with. We are hoping to
get beyond that. The federal government has paid N20 billion out of that N67
billion. We are looking for money to pay the balance. We are also looking for
money to implement our own budget. So, everything has got cut down in this whole
business of financial constraints facing us. These are the issues he came to
raise with us. He suggested that we may have to look at options. But, over and
above that, he is very passionate about agriculture or youth issues and he keeps
encouraging us to carry on."

The minister disclosed : "We are going to have a programme for youth in
agriculture. One of them mentioned that the universities of agriculture were set
up to train young farmers. Unfortunately, they are dealing more with issues of
accounting, law, pharmacy and medicine, which we are trying to redress now,
because that is not their mandate. But government is working on that. We should
have that sorted out shortly."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            East Anglian Daily Times

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Region faces loss of European money

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 490 words


Millions of pounds of EU funding that comes to Suffolk and Essex will have to be
replaced by the British Government.

That was the verdict today from Labour MEP Richard Howitt, who said that was a
clear promise of the Leave team during the run-up to last week's referendum.



The EU gives significant funding to the New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership
which sponsors investment in Suffolk and Norfolk. That totals £80million over
five years. There is further money to the LEP that covers Essex.

There is money from the social fund for areas that are considered to be deprived
- especially Lowestoft and parts of the Tendring area in Essex - and there is
money for schemes to improve training with schemes such as MyGo in Ipswich.

Colleges and universities get research funding from the EU, especially through
the ERASMUS scheme.

There has been European money for major infrastructure projects like road and
rail links to Felixstowe. And Britain's farmers receive subsidies through the
Common Agricultural Policy.

Mr Howitt said it was vital these European funds were replaced by money from the
British Government: "That is what we were promised by the Leave campaigners and
we will be pressing the Government to ensure that is what happens.

"The European funding is vital for all kinds of projects over Suffolk and
Norfolk and having heard the Leave people saying the money will come straight
from the British Government, many people will be determined that they keep their
word.

"Farmers will feel the same - there's a reason why the National Farmers Union
were keen for us to stay in Europe."

Mr Howitt was back in Brussels after the vote and said that British Labour MEPs
were given a warm welcome by other members of the European Socialist Group when
they returned.

"They were clapping us for our efforts - but it was a disappointing return."  In
the aftermath of Britain's vote to leave the European Union and David Cameron's
resignation, local leaders have sought assurance that cash will continue to flow
into Norfolk and Suffolk under the next Prime Minister.

While ministers and MPs who were part of the push to take Britain out of the
European Union issued a statement during the campaign assuring the beneficiaries
of EU funding they would continue to get cash, leaders now want assurances that
the investment in the region will continue.

Chris Starkie, managing director of New Anglia LEP said: "Throughout the EU
debate, no one on the Leave side talked about removing funding from small
businesses, agriculture or research and development.

"What we now want is Government to clearly state that this funding will continue
either through existing mechanisms or directly by central government.

"We expect government to honour those commitments, anything less will be
unacceptable to the thousands of small businesses and employees who benefit from
funding and skills support, many of whom are in the most deprived areas of
Suffolk and Norfolk."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2016 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               February 06, 2017

2019 - Obasanjo's Call for Igbo Presidency, Insincere, Divisive - Obong Attah

BYLINE: Omeiza Ajayi

LENGTH: 2398 words


Former Governor of Akwa Ibom State and one of the leaders of the Pan Niger Delta
Forum, PANDEF, Obong Victor Attah, in this interview speaks on the state of the
nation and urged the Federal Government not to sit on the 16-point demand of the
Niger Delta. He also chided ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo for calling for Igbo
presidency in 2019. Excerpts:

-Debate on Buhari's health, unnecessary, -Southern Kaduna killings, territorial
not religious

What are your thoughts on the state of the nation?

Let me start with the economy because that is the one that is bothering
everybody. People are shouting we are hungry, inflation is high and all of that
and nobody can say no. But sometimes, I quote Prof. Bolaji Akinyemi, he made a
very significant point that most people tend to either forget or ignore.
Basically, he made it clear that we were all living falsely, above our means.

The other day, I was talking to a caterer who complained that business had
fallen and people are not holding parties as they used to do.

Stealing and building

If that person had read Prof. Akinyemi's submissions, he would know that those
elaborate parties were being thrown by people who were stealing money and just
spending it as if money did not mean anything.

I even talked about the builder, who is complaining that there are no projects
to handle; the tiler and architects who are also complaining and it is because
many of those building such big houses were the ones stealing and building at
the time.

Today, nobody is allowed to steal money again and so it drops off. We are now
living within our means. So, this economic pain is a necessary pain that we are
bearing and suffering. It is just like childbirth. After the pains and pangs of
delivery, you have the joy of a newborn. So, I comfort myself that I have to
bear it because it is for the better future of Nigeria.

On the issue of insecurity, we are thanking President Muhammadu Buhari and the
military for what they have done to decimate Boko Haram to the point that they
no longer have a meeting point. There must be total mop up now so that even
these sporadic incidents that we have can stop.

What is causing me immediate concern now is kidnapping. I remember when the
world used to have plane hijacks and people were afraid to travel. I believe
that something very drastic has to be done to stop kidnapping because people are
now taking it as a profession to earn money and they make the kind of money that
people do not earn in years, just by one kidnap.

So, government must put in some determined effort. It is good that we now have
technology that can retrieve text messages or conversations that people may have
wiped off their phones. Whatever the government needs to do or deploy, they just
have to do it to stop kidnapping.

Another issue of concern is herdsmen killings. Herdsmen, some say they come in
from Mali, wherever they come from, they must be stopped from coming and killing
people. Whoever they are, they must be stopped and that is why I am happy about
the meeting the northern governors had with some traditional rulers. I want to
pray and hope that they will bring a solution to this, but there was an angle
that must not be ignored.

Somebody who is very conversant with the Nigerian situation said what he sees
happening in Nigeria is not a religious war and we cannot ignore that statement.
He went on to say that the fight in Ireland, Catholics versus Protestants was a
religious war and that is clear. He tells us also that the war between the
Shiites and the Sunnis in Iraq/Iran was a religious war. Nobody can deny that.
The ISIS thing also tend to be more religious than territorial but what is
happening in Nigeria, clearly, is pogrom.

Some people want to kill others in order to take their land. If we do not begin
to look at it honestly from that point of view, we may not solve this problem.
So, we have to be honest with ourselves and check whether it is truly religious
or a territorial issue. But whatever it is, we must find a solution because it
is giving everyone a lot of concern.

How about the debate about the president's health, despite the fact that he made
it very clear he was proceeding on a medical vacation?

Why should anybody debate the president's health? The president said he was
going for vacation and medical check up and people are talking. What should
anyone be debating about that? Are they his doctors? Until it is established
otherwise, I do not see why anybody should involve himself in such debates.

Former President Olusegun Obasanjo recently canvassed for an Igbo presidency in
2019 even when the North still feels their turn has not lapsed...

I have had occasions to really disagree with former President Obasanjo and I
made strenuous effort to make sure that I did not insult him but there are times
you really have to wonder what his intentions are when he does certain things.

I am going to take you back to 2002 when we were talking about whether or not
Obasanjo should have second term. People who wanted to play to the gallery said,
yes that he must have a second term. Let me even digress at this point and tell
you something that has been my recent view on this second term. I was in
Washington in January 2008 when Obama was being sworn in for the first time as
the President of the United States of America. We all listened to the
commentary. He was being sworn in as the 44th President and the 56th oath-taking
ceremony.

We all heard it but some people just heard it and walked away and I sat and
thought about it. If you administer an oath 56 times and nobody can take that
oath more than twice, and this is the 44th person to take that oath, it means of
the previous 43, only 12 took that oath two times. Can you imagine a situation
where only 12 out of 43 previous presidents had second term? But we come to
Nigeria and make it seem like second term must be. For goodness sake, second
term does not have to be.

Caucus meeting

Now let me go back to the story of 2002. It was an expanded caucus meeting of
the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. I asked the question and they said the
decision for a second term for Obasanjo was not going to be taken through voice
vote that we were going to speak one by one and I am going to name names because
one person stood up and said yes, he should have a second term and many others
followed suit.

I stood up and I asked, what was the hurry all about? We are a family, we are a
party, why don't we wait till then and when we get there (primaries) we would
decide who was best to pick our ticket and I said that was what we should do.
Why the rush to now predetermine who would be our flag-bearer? Why must we agree
on this second term now?

Then, former Governor of Kaduna State, Alhaji Lawal Kaita, stood up and said,
'if we agree that Obasanjo should have second term, when it is the time of the
North, would you allow the North to have two terms?' The whole house echoed,
yes! Did it happen? No.

That was where the division in Nigerian politics came in. Why was it that when
Yar'Adua died, since he was Obasanjo's choice for the North and the North
accepted him, sick as he was, why was it that when he could not even complete
one term, the North was not allowed to complete that term or even go ahead to
have a second term? We took it from the North. Would you be happy if it was you?

Today, the North has got the presidency since we have now decided, yes to second
term before the north can even have a second term, you are suggesting Igbo. Is
that not divisive? So, I do not see that thing (Obasanjo's advocacy) as being
sincere. I think it is a means of just creating further confusion in this
country.

People should ask him why he wants to be divisive, but if he says he is not
divisive, let him bring out the logic.

The Transmission Company of Nigeria, TCN, said there is resurgence of attacks on
gas installations. What could be responsible for such attacks?

I do not know whether there is resurgence of attacks or it is just incompetence
or by reason of old pipes.

Guarantee of payment

See, when I was governor and I wanted too build a power plant, I went to the
European Union and I went there not only with a power purchase agreement, I even
had a guarantee of payment, which really surprised even Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala
but they still would not come. Why?

The problem is nobody guarantees constant regular supply of gas to those
turbines but the bank that lends you money is not interested in that. Once they
give you money, the interest starts to run. If somebody disrupts the gas supply
that is not their business.

So, the problem comes down to who owns the gas? Nigeria owns the gas. Can
Nigeria guarantee the supply of the gas? Nigeria cannot guarantee the supply of
the gas. Unless we actually go back to fiscal federalism. If that gas belonged
to or was seen to be the resource of a particular state and the state depended
on that gas for its survival, that gas would flow because she must sell that gas
to survive. There is no way she would allow anybody to interrupt that gas and
all of these talks about secession would end. Even this talk about
diversification. Who is going to diversify? How can the federal government
diversify? It does not have the ability to do so because it does not own the
territory.

If a governor does not even give the land for agriculture would you do
agriculture? Diversification would come when you say to a state that money you
used to go and collect every month is no longer there. Generate your own money.
The minute you say that, you would see diversification.

People with minerals beneath their land that they are not touching, those
minerals would come up because they must generate profits from them. The land
that is lying fallow somewhere, you would see that they would put it to
agriculture.

Facilitator of growth

I said recently on a television programme, we must see this business of fiscal
federalism as the facilitator of growth and diversification. It is the root of
development. Let us change our attitude towards fiscal federalism and accept the
fact that it is a developmental philosophy.

It is the only thing that can help this country to grow and develop.

Our infrastructure would be developed, our resources would be exploited;
everything that we want to happen in Nigeria for Nigeria to be the kind of place
we thought it should be would begin to happen the minute we allow the individual
federating units to develop themselves.

But when you say you would build power, build roads and then that "you"
translates to federal government, then I say you are wasting time. There is no
federal government in the world that can do it.

PANDEF met with the president late last year. How far, so far?

I have my views on some of the things that are happening between the presidency
and Pan Niger Delta Forum. I believe, and I may be wrong, that there are two
types of people who were trying to discourage the federal government from
dealing with PANDEF. Those who think that "Oh, why are you kowtowing to these
people? You have the military might, just go in there and finish them".

Well, that is entirely possible. That military might, nobody can deny it. They
have demonstrated it effectively even against the Boko Haram but try it with
oil. Just disrupt oil for one minute. Before you get it to flow again, the
effort you make in convincing people to come from outside again, contracts for
the projects of your oil would stop and so on.

Therefore, you cannot disrupt the flow of oil. It is the wrong option to say
government should go there and finish up the place.

Yes, government can do that and finish the militants and can even make Bayelsa
and Delta disappear if they like, but how will that help Nigeria?

Then, there are others who wanted the leadership positions in PANDEF and they
did not get them. So, they are telling the federal government, 'do not encourage
this PANDEF'. And that is from a very personal and selfish point of view. There
may be yet others who want to be the heroes, to say they were the ones who did
this and not PANDEF and they are telling the federal government they would show
them how to handle the Niger Delta.

In the final analysis, just as there is Afenifere, which you must respect as a
strong voice for the Yoruba in the South West; just as there is the Arewa
Consultative Forum, which you must respect as a strong voice for the North; the
Ohanaeze Ndigbo is a strong voice for the Igbo in the South East. You must
accept and learn to respect PANDEF as the one strong voice for the people of the
South-South. And I thank God that in the final analysis, the vice president
went.

Point demands of PANDEF

I did not go, but I understand that every address that was read, people were
saying go and talk to PANDEF. Right there in front of everybody, the vice
president said they had adopted the 16-point demands of PANDEF. What does that
mean? How have you adopted it? We said discuss the points with us. I want to
believe he meant they have adopted it for discussion. So, what we are expecting
to happen now and we believe it should happen very quickly before everybody's
patience runs out is that they should set up their dialogue team to dialogue
over these 16 points and come up with solutions that would help the Niger Delta
and the country.

You talked about herdsmen earlier on. How about contemplation about building
grazing reserves for them?

I do not want to get into controversies here but there is a place in Cross River
called Obudu Cattle Ranch. What is that? And it is in the South-South and one of
the biggest and best known cattle ranches. So, what has changed? There is a
street in Lagos called Malu road, obviously meaning cattle. Cows used to be
transported by trains. Why can't we sit down and think. Cows don't do well in
the South because of Tse-Tse fly. We have to sit down and think of a way to make
sure they feed well and that they are transported properly without interfering
with people's farms.

Rearing and distribution are the things we have to look at.

What I know is that it is wrong for herdsmen to trample through people's farms
and in the process raping and killing people. That cannot continue.

What about concerns that the Buhari administration wants to islamise the
country?

I'll like to see someone who can take away my faith. I think the people who
don't have strong faith are the people that can have that kind of fear. That is
all I can tell you.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                            July 10, 2013 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

DAIRY HUB ON BRINK Cash and feed crisis in southwest

BYLINE: KATE DOWLER and SIMONE SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 780 words


SOUTHWEST Victoria dairy farmers are in a cash-flow crisis

Hundreds of farms between Colac and Koroit are under severe financial pressure
and battling to finance stock feed.

It comes after nine months of unprecedented dry conditions, followed by a cold
snap coupled with low returns.

Industry leaders warn the situation could turn into a human crisis if seasonal
conditions do not improve in coming weeks.

While dairy cows are in lean condition, farm leaders reject reports animals were
suffering.

And abattoirs have not been inundated with cull stock.

Warrnambool's Midfield Meats managing director Colin McKenna said there was no
waiting list ``at all'' at his processing plant, describing supply as
``normal''.

Minimal emergency government assistance is now on offer to help cash-strapped
farms and the Victorian Government is shying away from offering emergency
grants.

VFF president Peter Tuohey called on Victorian Agriculture Minister Peter Walsh
to ``step in and offer assistance to help farmers source fodder for hungry
herds''.

``We do need to consider welfare of animals, and farmers are managing to look
after stock, but the main issue now that is becoming critical is farmers'
welfare,'' he said.

But Mr Walsh said this week he ``was not considering at this stage'' providing
emergency grants.

``There are 350,000 dairy cows in the southwest, it is not within the State
Government's budget to feed all those cows,'' Mr Walsh said.

However, Department of Environment and Primary Industries and rural counsellors
would continue assisting farmers with feeding information and financial advice,
Mr Walsh said.

State and federal government talks continue over the Farm Finance package and
low-interest concessional loans to help farmers struggling with debts.

An agreement is expected this week, but the package is unlikely to assist with
immediate cash-flow problems.

Continued Page 2

Editorial, Page 20

Rule's View, Page 21

From Page 1

Federal Agriculture Minister Joel Fitzgibbon said he was ``determined to get the
$420 million set aside by the Australian Government for concessional loans into
the hands of farmers''.

United Dairyfarmers of Victoria president Kerry Callow said farming families
were under severe pressure.

``Farmers are doing a really good job trying to look after stock under difficult
circumstances,'' Ms Callow said.

``I'm really concerned about the welfare of the people. They do their level-best
to care for these animals.

``The financial issue is making it difficult (for farmers) to respond, certainly
sourcing fodder -- particularly good quality hay -- has been difficult.''

Rural Financial Counselling Service Victoria's Cobram officer Vince Thorne said
he had not seen any animal welfare issues with farms he dealt with.

``But certainly people are under incredible stress,'' Mr Thorne said. ``It is
going right through the family, from husband to wife and kids.

``At this time I could say, with the people I am dealing with, no one has not
been able to find a way to feed stock.''

Some farmers still faced bare paddocks after resowing pastures up to three
times, only to have them destroyed by slugs or red-legged earth mites.

Mr Thorne encouraged struggling farmers to seek aid, as many could be eligible
for up to $800 a fortnight under the Transition Farm Family Payment.

Camperdown livestock agent Brian Gleeson said there were cases of cattle in
poorer condition, but most were in ``very good condition considering''.

``We're not seeing big numbers of cull cows now because so many boat heifers are
going out of the country and they are getting good money,'' he said.

Adam Jenkins, who has a dairy farm in one of the drier pockets of southwest
Victoria at South Purrumbete, said cashflow was the problem.

``How many now will go into spring with a shortage of feed and a tight budget?''
Mr Jenkins said. ``Most people are maxed-out now.''

Carpendeit dairy farmer Donna Edge said: ``It is plain and simple. We are not
getting paid enough for our milk. It is less than the cost of production.''

FEEDCentral national sales manager Ian Wickham said fodder demand had slowed as
prices were high and warned ``farmers could be staring down the barrel of a
similar situation next year''.

Beef producers in the southwest have also been forced to reduce stocking rates,
or sell weaners earlier, and many sheep producers are struggling to keep feed up
to their animals.

Victorian Greens leader Greg Barber said an ``acute cash flow crisis'' was
developing as a result of climatic conditions and the milk-price squeeze.

Conditions were a ``textbook definition of climate change impacts in the
southwest'', he said.

``I don't blame farmers at all,'' he said. ``They did not see it coming.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             March 27, 2012 Tuesday

LOOKING IN: WAYNE PALLA;
BILL WOULD STABILIZE DAIRY OPERATIONS

BYLINE: Wayne Palla

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. A-10

LENGTH: 657 words


New Mexico's rise as a dairy state has been a great success story. Milk is now
our No. 1 agricultural commodity -- ahead of cattle -- and it produces more than
$1.3 billion in revenue annually. We rank ninth in milk production nationally,
and fourth in cheese output. Dairy is a major force in the economic development
of many New Mexico communities.

But those numbers were cold comfort three years ago during the depths of the
Great Recession of 2009, when a crushing cost-price squeeze caused by soaring
feed costs and plunging milk prices created financial hardships for many New
Mexico dairy farmers.

In economic terms, we were victims of a negative cash flow. Month after month,
we lost money on every gallon of milk we produced. Some months the milk did not
pay for the feed the cows consumed, much less all other operating costs.

For those of us who survived, it will take years to regain our lost equity.
Nationwide, dairy farmers saw their net worth drop by $20 billion between 2007
and 2009.

To ensure consumers a dependable supply of milk, a federal safety net is in
place -- in theory -- to protect dairy farmers against catastrophes beyond their
control. But it simply does not work anymore. Dairy farmers remain on a roller
coaster of ups and downs in milk prices that leaves us barely profitable one
year and with losses the next.

In the midst of the 2009 recession, the leaders in the dairy industry began to
chart a path to provide a cost-effective safety net that would benefit both
farmers and consumers by addressing the volatility in the milk industry.

The result was legislation called the Dairy Security Act, introduced last fall
by the senior Democrat on the House Agriculture Committee, Rep. Collin Peterson
of Minnesota, and Republican Rep. Mike Simpson of Idaho. The bipartisan bill
needs to be part of the farm bill the House and Senate are writing this month.
It offers the best hope in a generation for improving federal dairy policies.

The key is to reorient government dairy programs from an emphasis on price to a
focus on maintaining an adequate margin: that critical difference between the
price farmers receive for their milk, and the cost of producing it. In the
environment of escalating and volatile feed and fuel costs, a system that
focuses only on milk price is totally inadequate.

The Peterson-Simpson Bill starts by scrapping the current dairy safety net made
up of price supports and direct payments. No longer will the government buy and
store dairy products to bolster prices or make payments to farmers when they
really aren't needed.

Instead, the Dairy Security Act establishes an insurance program that will
protect farmers when margins shrink to dangerous levels. To prevent steep price
declines or prolonged low-margin situations caused by high production costs, a
standby program will encourage a temporary reduction in milk production.

Best of all, these programs would be voluntary. Dairy farmers would have a
choice of forgoing any federal help, or accepting a basic safety net that
includes reducing milk output when needed to balance supply and demand.

The Peterson-Simpson Bill would moderate the wild price swings that have plagued
both dairy farmers and consumers in recent years. It saves taxpayers at least
$100 million over five years, and it's the only comprehensive reform proposal on
the table as Congress sits down to write a new multiyear farm bill.

Dairy farming remains a big driver of New Mexico's economy. In order to remain a
viable industry, providing food and jobs in our communities, we need a safety
net that works and keeps pace with the challenges facing our industry.

The Peterson-Simpson Bill has the support of the New Mexico dairy industry, and
it deserves support from the New Mexico congressional delegation.

Wayne Palla is a dairy farmer and cattle rancher in Clovis, who serves on the
boards of both Dairy Farmers of America and the National Milk Producers
Federation.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 7, 1990 Wednesday

Mazankowski promises   aid for Saskatchewan

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
 The federal government is ready to help out Saskatchewan's ailing farmers
as soon as an accurate assessment of the problems can be completed, Deputy
Prime Minister Donald Mazankowski said yesterday.

For example, as much as $80-million in drought assistance could be
coming within weeks, Mr. Mazankowski told the Commons.

The Deputy Prime Minister, who is also the Agriculture Minister, was
offering reassurances yesterday in the wake of an emergency plea for help
from Saskatchewan Premier Grant Devine.

Mr. Mazankowski said yesterday that the federal government had not
turned a blind eye to Saskatchewan's problems.

"The figures for Saskatchewan are not in. As soon as they are in, there
will be payments going out in supplementary drought (assistance) up to
$80-million."

In addition, he said, "we are looking at what further assistance might
be required in terms of providing money, cash flow, to ensure that the
crop can be put in."

Opposition MPs pointed out that Saskatchewan's farmers are only six
weeks away from seeding, and that money must come soon to ensure that they
can even continue their businesses. Mr. Mazankowski told reporters outside
the Commons that there is still plenty of time - "the snow's still on the
ground, after all," - and that the drought assistance money should be on
its way by next month at the latest.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Coalition rift over blocked sale of Kidman land

BYLINE: Peter Hartcher, James Massola, Jared Lynch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 514 words


Trade and Investment Minister Andrew Robb has branded his government's decision
to block the foreign sale of the sprawling 101,411-square-kilometre S Kidman &
Co cattle stations as "political" and backed greater foreign investment in
Australian agriculture.

Treasurer Scott Morrison announced the sale decision on Thursday, citing the
national interest clause in the Foreign Investment Act, the size of the 10
properties in the portfolio and national security issues around access to the
Woomera weapons testing range.

But in comments that highlight a rift between the Trade Minister and the
Treasurer, Mr Robb said Australia had "always depended on foreign investment for
agriculture, because no bugger here will put money into the sector".

"You can't get an Australian investor to put money into agriculture for love nor
money," he said.

"Even sophisticated Australian investors won't put money into it.

"Agriculture is too long term for them, even though it's our great strength."

Implying that opposition to the sale was irrational, he said: "I've heard about
selling Australia forever. I just haven't seen a farm leave the country yet."

Asked if he was unhappy about it, Mr Robb said: "You might surmise that."

The decision, he said, "is political".

It is the second major foreign investment in agriculture to be blocked by the
Coalition government, after the ADM Graincorp deal in 2013, and has delighted
the Nationals and infuriated Liberal economic dries.

Mr Robb did not personally criticise Mr Morrison, but said: "We have to carry
people with us.

"There's politics around it, which we have to manage.

"Scott Morrison has a difficult job managing these issues.

"I'm not immune to the job of managing community expectations and fears while we
manage the investment flows." He said the trade agreements he had negotiated
with South Korea, Japan and China were helping attract new investment to
Australia, but that "every new wave of investment elicits the same response".

Nationals Senator John Williams said he believed "all foreign acquisitions of
agricultural land - private or state owned - should go through the FIRB [Foreign
Investment Review Board], to see if it's in the national interest", while also
calling for the property portfolio to be split up.

Fellow Nationals Senator Matthew Canavan said major loopholes in Australia's
foreign investment arrangements needed to be closed.

Both men said laws due to be debated in the Senate on Monday which lower the
threshold for screening foreign investments in agricultural land from $252
million down to $15 million should be backed by Labor.

Labor agriculture spokesman Joel Fitzgibbon dismissed the call for the Kidman
holdings to be broken up, a move Mr Morrison has indicated he would consider,
and accused the Turnbull government of having a discriminatory foreign
investment policy.

"The [2012] Greener Pastures report tells us that to meet our aspirations we
will need $600 billion in investment in agriculture by 2050, and as an island
nation with a small population, by definition much of that will need to come
from foreign sources."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Andrew Robb

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Bendigo Advertiser

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

THE Victorian Young Farmers will use $400,000

BYLINE: Lauren Henry

SECTION: Pg. 45

LENGTH: 309 words


THE Victorian Young Farmers will use $400,000 in state government money to
develop social and professional networks for young farmers and rural youth. The
money, over four years, will be used for secretarial support, and promotions for
young rural Victorians who are seeking to find agricultural work or expand their
knowledge of agriculture overseas. Minister for Agriculture and Food Security
Peter Walsh said the government was committed to stemming the flow of young
people leaving rural communities, due to economic and social difficulties.

Mr Walsh made the funding announcement at the inaugural Young Farmer Challenge
at the Royal Melbourne Show on Sunday. "This is an investment in the future of
rural youth, and the VYF will again be able to employ secretariat support to
co-ordinate and lead club activities,'' he said. "Formed in 1947, VYF had about
140 clubs and 6000 members at its peak, but numbers have since dwindled to just
six clubs and several hundred members.'' Young rural Victorians will also have
an opportunity to share their views on farming at a conference, hosted by the
Young Agribusiness Professionals, a subsidiary of the Victorian Farmers
Federation. The Ready for Tomorrow conference, in the Dandenong Ranges from
October 21 to 23, will tackle a wide range of issues affecting young farmers and
agricultural professionals in Victoria. YAPs chairman Aaron Sanderson said that
the conference was designed to encourage young people in regional areas to
continue to make a positive impact on the future of agriculture in Victoria by
holding workshops on marketing, investing and farm finance. Speakers include
Andrew Smith, Rural Finance; David Griffin, Department of Primary Industries;
Rick Roush, Dean of Melbourne University School of Land and Environment; and Tim
McRae from Meat and Livestock Association on market outlooks.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Reidsville Review (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 14, 2008 Saturday

Rockingham commissioners to debate water rules

BYLINE: Heather Smith, The Reidsville Review, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


Jun. 14--WENTWORTH -- With the hefty budget issue passed, the Rockingham County
Board of Commissioners will discuss department issues during its meeting Monday.

The Rockingham County Public Library proposes increased fees for interlibrary
loan and late penalties on children's books. Rockingham County Emergency
Management proposes rate increases in specialty and ambulance emergency care and
event standby.

Because the old county courthouse will be vacated soon, the environmental and
engineering department requests $81,500 to pay TFF Architects and Planners to
perform a county space needs study. Tom Wagoner, department director, explains
in a memo that the study focuses on the most efficient use of county-owned
buildings. TFF staff will examine each building for method and quality of
construction, interview department heads to determine needs, match agencies to
buildings and plan renovations if needed.

Rockingham County Planning Director Tom Wiggins will present a resolution
opposing state adoption of water quality rules for the Jordan Lake watershed. In
2002, the 14,000-acre manmade lake south of Chapel Hill in Chatham County was
classified as impaired when samples found high levels of phosphorous and
nitrogen. The levels violated federal water quality standards, and the N.C.
Environmental Management Coalition developed a plan to reduce nutrients flowing
into Jordan Lake from the Haw and New Hope rivers.

The resulting Jordan Lake Rules call for modifications to water treatment
plants, stormwater collection, residential housing and agriculture in nine
counties and 20 jurisdictions, including Rockingham County and Reidsville.

"We are not at all saying we oppose clean water. That's not what this is about,"
Wiggins said. "Our concern is that the cost far outweighs the projected
benefit."

Wiggins said the affected jurisdictions are concerned about some flaws in the
state's study of Jordan Lake water quality and its plan for improvement. Local
governments objected to the EMC's use of drought-year samples, which naturally
contain concentrated amounts of nutrients. The Jordan Lake Rules treat the Haw
and the New Hope basins with the same restrictions while ignoring different
characteristics of each.

"The Haw River has a better flow and less storage time. The New Hope is the
opposite," Wiggins said. "It has a slower hydrological flow and carries more
nutrients. We're asking that the two rivers be treated differently."

The Piedmont Triad Council of Local Governments protests the rules, saying
planners have not outlined how restrictions will lower nutrient levels in a lake
that was deemed nutrient sensitive at its construction. Phosphorous and
nitrogen, Wiggins said, enter the water supply in the greatest quantity from
agriculture, by the fertilizers farmers put on crops.

The EMC estimates cost of compliance in the millions of dollars, and requests
state money to assist the many small towns predicted to struggle with the cost
of retrofitting. The rest of the cost would come from county and city taxpayers.
Greensboro estimated its cost of compliance at $75 million.

If passed, the resolution will be sent to the Rules Review Commission. If the
RRC receives 10 or more letters of opposition, approval will be turned over to
the General Assembly.

'Bottom line, it's the economic impact the rules impose and the fact that it
affects a small area of the state, when water quality is a statewide problem,"
Wiggins said.

To see more of The Reidsville Review or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.reidsvillereview.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Reidsville Review, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080614-RD-Rockingham-commissioners-to-debate-water-rules-0614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RD


                      Copyright 2008 The Reidsville Review


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Western Daily Press

                            January 15, 2008 Tuesday

Why tellypundits gave eggs a beating

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 370 words


Eggs from batteries and cages went rotten last week as television programmes and
news-paper  criticised the poultry industry and supermarkets for their demands
for  cheap products, and forcing the  producers into intensive production
systems.

Celebrity chefs sounded off about cruel broiler and egg production. Sainsbury's
said its eggs are from caged hens but all carry the British Lion quality mark to
show they are from quality-assured units. The oven-ready chickens it sells all
carry the Red Tractor quality-assurance logo so have been produced under high
welfare standards, and the supermarket hopes to end all egg sales from caged
birds from 2010.

Farmers can't do anything right, and can't get anyone to support their efforts
to meet Government demands. Agriculture should be a secure industry without
economic cycles like those of the rest of the UK economy. Bank rates should have
little effect on our food supply.

Well, many farms are run on overdrafts because cash flow is uneven and
irregular. Overdrafts are expensive and getting tighter after the credit squeeze
began to bite. Farmers don't control the prices they get for their produce.

The problem is that governments don't squeeze their own budgets and go on
wasting precious money resources. Margaret Beckett's catastrophic failure to get
the 2005 Single Farm Payments out on time cost British taxpayers £63 million in
EU fines for failing to meet the statutory deadline. Defra set aside a total of
£292 million to cover possible fines to be paid soon.

WE learned that the number of Defra staff earning £100,000 or more had more than
trebled in the past five years. In 2002, it was eight but it was 25 last year.

Former Somerset farmer Neil Parish MEP, now Conservative chairman of the
European Parliament's Agriculture Committee, would have touched a chord with
many farmers when he suggested that, in order to make the necessary savings,
Defra should begin to cut the huge number of officials on vast salaries. Some
hope.

Meanwhile, food shoppers who think they are cushioned from the credit squeeze
and these shenanigans must think again. The cost of food is about to rise
dramatically, mainly because of Government failures. But it's not the farmers'
fault.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

VALLEY FAIR TOLD TO FIND PERMANENT SITE;
ULTIMATUM: AGRICULTURE OFFICIALS GIVE OPERATORS UNTIL DECEMBER TO AVOID THE
EVENT BEING SHELVED.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 498 words


Operators of the troubled Valley Fair were given an ultimatum Wednesday by state
agriculture officials: Lease a permanent site by December or risk being
disbanded.

The December deadline was among a list of demands handed by Department of Food &
Agriculture officials to the 51st District Agricultural Association board, which
has struggled for years to find a permanent home for the fair.

"Our primary intent is to help the fair be successful," Mike Treacy, director of
the Division of Fairs and Expositions, wrote in a statement accompanying the
deadlines. "By meeting the assigned deadlines, this will give the fair a more
structured path towards a successful operation."

In addition to contracting for a permanent site, the state also ordered the 51st
District to:

Devise business and marketing plans for next year's fair.

Launch a five-year strategic plan.

Hold a public meeting by next month to garner support for the fair.

During their meeting with state officials in North Hills, Valley Fair organizers
proposed self-sustaining money-making ventures. They include managing its former
off-road recreation site in Gorman, creating a renewable solar energy farm and
hosting barrel racing, a rodeo or concerts throughout the year.

They also said they plan to sell the district's rights to operate an off-track
betting facility.

But their real hopes lie in a request to lease a site at Pierce College, the
Valley's oldest agricultural college, for a four-day fair in June. Officials
expect to hear a response from the college on Friday.

"Plan A is still Pierce," said David Honda, president of the 51st District
board. "We're hoping that open dialogue will start this week.

"It's not whether or not we're a good fair or a bad fair. It's about politics."

In 1989, Los Angeles Community College District trustees denied a similar
proposal after objections from neighbors of the Woodland Hills campus.

The 51st District has appealed to state lawmakers for support and has planned a
special board meeting in two weeks to discuss its options.

The state's fair and expo division allocates $180,000 a year to the 51st
District and similar agencies across California to stage agricultural-themed
fairs. Once taken from horse racing proceeds, the money now comes from the
general fund.

The 64-year-old Valley Fair has wandered for the last 21 years, ever since its
site at California State University, Northridge, was sold for development.

But state officials, concerned about the cancellation of the 2009 fair and
dismal attendance at a Birmingham High School venue in 2010, ordered the fair to
find a permanent home.

While Valley Fair officials say the state wants to appropriate the $2.8million
from its CSUN fairgrounds sale for other fair districts, agriculture officials
disagree.

"They have a negative cash flow," Diana Paluszak, a state fair and expo resource
coordinator, said after meeting with the 51st District board. "We would like to
help them get on track."

dana.bartholomew@dailynews.com

818-713-3730

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 09, 2011 Sunday

One plan, three men and 50 years

BYLINE: Alan Guebert

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 642 words


When Wes Jackson, Wendell Berry and Fred Kirschenmann get together,
conversation, laughter and ideas flow.

Other than a closeness in age, the three appear to have little in common.
Jackson is a Ph.D. plant breeder and founder, in 1976, of The Land Institute, a
Salina, Kan., nonprofit dedicated to finding sustainable solutions to food's
uncertain future.

Berry is, of course, a giant of American letters, a poet, essayist, novelist,
nonfiction writer and, as he unfailingly notes, a farmer. "I am of the party of
the land and the people," Berry told the Community Farm Alliance in his native
Kentucky on Dec. 4.

Kirschenmann practices what he preaches: He is both a distinguished fellow for
the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University and the
manager of his family's 3,500-acre certified organic farm in south central North
Dakota.

For two years, this trinity of farm and food eloquence and evangelism has been
writing and lecturing on the need for a long-term, sustainable ag policy where,
as Jackson explains, "today's awful dualism that pits production against
conservation" is replaced with "more natural ecosystems where conservation is a
consequence of production."

That shift in practice will require a shift in policy - a dramatic shift -
centered on soil and water, not fructose, feed or even food.

"People are more worried about food than they are about soil and water," says
Jackson in a telephone interview Jan. 4. "The fact is soil is as much a
nonrenewable resource as oil and, really, it's more important because without it
you have no food whether you have oil or not."

Another hole in our short-term ag policy approach, wrote Berry and Jackson in a
Jan. 5, 2009, New York Times op-ed piece is that "For 50 or 60 years, we have
let ourselves believe that as long as we have money we will have food."

Not true, because "If we continue our offenses against the land and the labor by
which we are fed, the food supply will decline ... (and) the government will
bring forth no food by providing hundreds of billions of dollars to the
agribusiness corporations."

What's needed is a broader approach that relies more on long-term nature than
short-term politics. Jackson, Berry and Kirschenmann explain this idea as "a
national agriculture policy that is based upon ecological principles ... a
50-year farm bill that addresses forthrightly the problems of soil loss and
degradation, toxic pollution, fossil-fuel dependency and the destruction of
rural communities."

The three friends carried that vision to Washington, D.C., in mid-2009. Their
message, explains Jackson, was centered on perennial grains. (Read more on their
proposal at http://www.landinstitute.org /pages/FB%20edited%207-6-10.pdf.)

"We must acknowledge that nature covers much of the land with perennials," he
notes. They are efficient users of sun, water and nutrients; provide cover
against soil erosion and, he adds, efficiently sequester carbon.

"This is not a political statement," says Jackson, "this is science."

Monoculture annuals, such as corn, rice, wheat and soy, "dependent on
carbon-based energy and fertilizer," will not be able to deliver the needed food
without further eroding key elements of their production, soil and water.

Necessary, too, is more science. Jackson estimates that if $50 million of farm
program money per year was redirected at perennial grain production research for
50 years the food needs of the world could be met through "whenever."

That will be chickenfeed to our grandchildren.

Alan Guebert is a syndicated columnist who writes weekly for The Pantagraph. He
lives in Delavan. His e-mail address is agcomm@  farmandfoodfile.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Pantagraph


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 26, 2010 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Egypt and Thirsty Neighbors Are at Odds Over the Nile

BYLINE: By THANASSIS CAMBANIS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1417 words


BATAMDA, Egypt -- One place to begin to understand why this parched country has
nearly ruptured relations with its upstream neighbors on the Nile is ankle-deep
in mud in the cotton and maize fields of Mohammed Abdallah Sharkawi. The price
he pays for the precious resource flooding his farm? Nothing.

''Thanks be to God,'' Mr. Sharkawi said of the Nile River water. He raised his
hands to the sky, then gestured toward a state functionary visiting his farm.
''Everything is from God, and from the ministry.''

But perhaps not for much longer. Upstream countries, looking to right what they
say are historic wrongs, have joined in an attempt to break Egypt and Sudan's
near-monopoly on the water, threatening a crisis that Egyptian experts said
could, at its most extreme, lead to war.

''Not only is Egypt the gift of the Nile, this is a country that is almost
completely dependent on Nile water resources,'' said a spokesman for the
Egyptian Foreign Ministry, Hossam Zaki. ''We have a growing population and
growing needs. There is no way we can accept this kind of threat.''

Ever since civilization first sprang forth here, Egyptians have clustered along
the Nile's silt-rich banks. Almost all of the country's 80 million people live
within a few miles of the river, and farmers like Mr. Sharkawi have hardly
changed their farming methods in four millenniums. Egypt's population is growing
briskly, however, and by the year 2017 at current rates of usage the Nile's
water will barely meet Egypt's basic needs, according to the Ministry of
Irrigation.

And that is assuming that the river's flow is undiminished. Under British
colonial rule, a 1929 treaty reserved 80 percent of the Nile's entire flow for
Egypt and Sudan, then ruled as a single country. That treaty was reaffirmed in
1959. Usually upstream countries dominate control of a river, like the Tigris
and Euphrates, which are much reduced by the time they flow into Iraq from
Turkey and Syria. The case of the Nile is reversed because the British colonials
who controlled the region wanted to guarantee water for Egyptian agriculture.

The seven upstream countries -- Ethiopia, Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya, the
Democratic Republic of Congo, Burundi and Rwanda -- say the treaty is an unfair
vestige of colonialism, while Egypt says those countries are awash in water
resources, unlike arid Egypt, which depends on just one.

Today's confrontation has unfolded in slow motion. In April, negotiations
between the nine Nile countries broke down after Egypt and Sudan refused to give
ground. The upstream countries quickly got together and in May came up with a
formula that would free them to build their own irrigation projects and dams,
reducing the flow to Lake Nasser, the vast man-made reservoir that straddles
Egypt and Sudan.

So far Ethiopia, Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya and Rwanda have signed the new Nile
basin accord, which would require only a simple majority of member countries to
approve new projects. Egypt wants to retain veto power over projects in any
country, and with Sudan argues that the main provisions of the colonial-era
treaty should be preserved.

Congo and Burundi have not yet taken sides. Egypt and Sudan have until May 2011
to resume negotiations, or else the upstream countries will activate the new
agreement.

The threat of losing Nile water has animated Egypt, which until recently had
virtually ignored the upstream countries. And Cairo received another jolt this
spring, when Ethiopia inaugurated a $520 million hydroelectric dam on a Nile
tributary, part of a decade-long project to create a modern electricity
infrastructure. Italy, Ethiopia and the European Investment Bank financed the
project, according to Ethiopian media reports.

Adding urgency, say diplomats and water experts in Egypt, investors from China
and the Persian Gulf region have expressed interest in underwriting enormous
agriculture projects in Uganda and Ethiopia, which would use Nile water.

Currently, several upstream nations, including Ethiopia and Uganda, are planning
hydroelectric dams. If the upstream countries move slowly and fill the
reservoirs over a period of 5 to 15 years, however, Egyptian officials concede
that the hydroelectric plants will not significantly hurt Egyptian consumption.

Egyptian officials are also confident that the World Bank, the traditional donor
for dams, would not approve them over Cairo's objections, even if the officials
remain concerned that governments and private investors might feel free to lend
the money.

But agricultural projects, potentially far more damaging to Egypt, are another
matter. Not only would they permanently reduce the amount of water that reaches
Egypt's border, but they have also already attracted the interest of wealthy
Arab nations and the Chinese, who see an enormous profit potential in them.

Egyptian water experts said that the upstream countries wasted colossal amounts
of water that run off unused into swamps. The upstream countries point to
Egypt's own wasteful practices, saying that 75 percent of Egypt's water is used
for agriculture, most of it wasted by inefficient, old-fashioned practices.

''I feel that we are all mad,'' said Diaa el-Quosy, an American-trained water
expert who advises Egypt's irrigation minister. ''Everyone wants to take his own
share and then more.'' He said that once political tensions cooled, the nine
Nile basin countries could find ''creative solutions'' to manage the river's
flow effectively. ''There is water enough for everyone,'' he said.

In Egypt, however, decades of bellicose rhetoric about the Nile have made the
river's water an explosive issue. ''Violating Egypt's quota of Nile water is a
genocidal war against 80 million people,'' an Egyptian commentator, Hazem
el-Beblawi, wrote this year in Al Masry Al Youm, an Egyptian daily.

Water experts say that Egypt has done little to curtail its own misuse of water.

Despite periodic government efforts to promote less wasteful practices,
irrigation water still flows largely through dirt channels often choked with
weeds. Much of it leaches into the ground before reaching crops. ''Egypt doesn't
act like a country dying of thirst,'' said Dan Morrison, author of ''The Black
Nile,'' in which he chronicled his journey from the river's origins to its mouth
at the Mediterranean, and encountered the most pronounced waste in Egypt. So
long as water is free for farmers, Mr. Morrison said, there is little incentive
to conserve.

One solution Mr. Morrison proposed would entail Egypt's importing food staples
from upstream nations that can farm more efficiently with Nile water.

Isam Abdurahman, a Ministry of Agriculture farm supervisor, said the government
was taking steps to try to conserve water, including paving some irrigation
canals and managing farmers more strictly. This year, for instance, because of
low river levels, rice cultivation was banned entirely in some areas, while the
cotton quota was severely restricted. Mr. Sharkawi was permitted to plant only
one field with cotton, rather than four.

And in a few desert areas like Toshka, near the Sudanese border, Egypt has
experimented with large-scale modern drip irrigation. The vast majority of its
farmers, however, are small land holders like Mr. Sharkawi, who cultivates
maize, cotton and alfalfa in the Nile Delta.

He cannot afford to invest in drip irrigation or sprinkler systems that would
lose less water to evaporation. Furthermore, like most Egyptian family farmers,
he favors the most water-hogging crops, like rice, maize and cotton, rather than
lower-intensity fruits and vegetables.

Upstream leaders like Ethiopia's prime minister caution that Nile water use is
''not a zero-sum game,'' but in Egypt's Delta that's exactly how millions of
farmers view it. If he had to pay for his water, Mr. Sharkawi said, he simply
would lose his land. ''Since the time of the ancient Egyptians,'' he said,
''we've always lived like this. It is the same for me, and it will be the same
for my children.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 29, 2010



CORRECTION: This article has been revised to reflect the following correction:
An article on Sunday about a water-rights dispute among African nations that
share the Nile River misspelled, in some editions, the name of the town in the
dateline. As an accompanying map correctly showed, it is Batamda, Egypt, not
Batanda. And the map misidentified, in some editions, the lake bordering Kenya,
Tanzania and Uganda that is the Nile's main reservoir. It is Lake Victoria, not
Lake Tanganyika.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: A farmer filling buckets of water from a trough full of pumped
in Nile River water near Cairo.
A boy diving into the Nile near a farming village in Egypt that depends on the
river's water.
 A farmer hauling a load of grass to feed animals across a bridge spanning the
Nile River, vital to Egypt's water needs. More photos are at nytimes.com/world.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY MAX BECHERER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) MAP: Sharing the Nile:
Under a 1929 treaty, 80 percent of the Nile's water is reserved for Egypt and
Sudan. Egypt can currently veto any project, in any country, within the Nile
basin. A new accord, signed by Ethiopia, Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda,
would require a simple majority, and may reduce the amount of water in the lower
Nile.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Loan growth gathers pace but doesn't mean revival

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


umbai, Oct. 11 -- Bank credit to large and mid-sized companies increased in the
five months to 23 August, and while this may reinforce the emerging belief that
the worst may be behind the Indian economy, analysts and bankers caution that it
does not mean the investment cycle has turned.

Nor does it mean that growth momentum is back in Asia's largest economy, they
add, attributing the increased credit flow to money being drawn to meet cost
escalation in delayed projects.

Still, there's no denying the underlying fact behind this reason, if it is
indeed the case- that work on the projects is proceeding, if not apace, then at
least at a rate that warrants more funds-just as there is no ignoring the fact
that in the same period last year, there was literally no growth in credit flow.
According to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), loan growth to medium-sized
companies grew at 8% between 23 March and 23 August compared with 0.4% in the
corresponding period last year. For large companies, loan growth in the period
was 4.5% against 2.6% last year.

The revival is visible in the fund-starved infrastructure sector too, where bank
loans grew by 7.5% against 3.8% last year. Growth in personal loans and
agriculture loans has doubled, reflecting a revival in demand.

On a year-on-year basis, gross bank credit grew close to 16.8% in the 12 months
ended August from 16.2% in the year-ago period. RBI has projected credit growth
of 15% for banks in 2013-14. The increase in credit growth is at odds with
India's macroeconomic numbers- in the June quarter, gross domestic product (GDP)
grew at 4.4% after growing 4.8% in the March quarter, and 5% in fiscal 2013, the
slowest in at least 10 years-although it is in keeping with a growing belief
that the next quarter could be better. It is also in keeping with minor changes
that are becoming evident in data.

"The question really is on the quality of the credit growth," said Vaibhav
Agarwal, vicepresident, research at Angel Broking Ltd.

"There is a significant disconnect between the GDP growth and the kind of credit
growth reflected in RBI numbers." Much of the money is being directed to
companies that are now drawing down earlier- sanctioned loans to finance the
increased costs of delayed projects now being implemented.

Arundhati Bhattacharya, State Bank of India's new chairperson, said the bank has
seen a pick-up in credit demand. "Credit demand has been robust. There is
pick-up seen in credit on the retail loans," said Bhattacharya.

She cited the spike in short-term rates that made commercial paper issuances
expensive for companies as a reason why many corporations have returned to banks
for funds.

"There are no new projects coming up," said Arun Kaul, chairman and managing
director of Kolkata-based Uco Bank. "There were lot of projects that got delayed
which are slowly coming to implementation stage and they are drawing money." The
sharp depreciation in the rupee has also contributed to the rise in domestic
loan growth. A falling rupee has made foreign currency borrowing expensive for
companies and many of them have turned to local avenues for raising money. The
rupee has lost about 12% since January against the dollar.

"Banks are focusing more on the retail loans and agriculture. If you look at the
pricing of these loans in the last two years, this is evident," Kaul said.

The United Progressive Alliance-led government at the centre has been struggling
to revive industrial activity by unclogging the policy logjam holding up
projects. A cabinet committee on investment (CCI) has been set up to get stalled
projects off the ground. CCI has cleared 36 projects envisaging an investment of
'1.83 trillion, finance minister P.

Chidambaram said in August.

These projects include 18 power projects with an investment of '83,772 crore and
nine other infrastructure projects with a total outlay of '14,084 crore,
Chidambaram added.

The finance ministry estimated in April that there are around 215 infrastructure
projects worth around '7 trillion that have been held up in India.

The flip-side to the increase in credit could be more bad loans, warn analysts.

Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of 40 listed banks grew to '2.08 trillion in
June, up 39.78% from '1.49 trillion in the same period last year.

Rising NPAs hurt the profitability of banks as they need to set aside money to
cover such loans.

Meanwhile, the growing pile of restructured loans is a bigger concern to policy
makers.

Analysts expect at least 25-30% of such loans to turn bad in the absence of
strong economic recovery. Loans restructured under the corporate debt
restructuring mechanism (CDR) crossed '2.5 trillion on a cumulative basis till
June. In the three months ended 30 June, banks restructured the debt of 12
companies, totalling '20,000 crore.

Besides the CDR platform, which operates under the aegis of RBI, banks also
bilaterally restructure the loans of corporate customers.

The aggregate figure for bilateral loan recasts is not available, but bankers
said such recasts may nearly equal the CDR figure.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2013 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Loan growth gathers pace but doesn't mean revival

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


umbai, Oct. 11 -- Bank credit to large and mid-sized companies increased in the
five months to 23 August, and while this may reinforce the emerging belief that
the worst may be behind the Indian economy, analysts and bankers caution that it
does not mean the investment cycle has turned.

Nor does it mean that growth momentum is back in Asia's largest economy, they
add, attributing the increased credit flow to money being drawn to meet cost
escalation in delayed projects.

Still, there's no denying the underlying fact behind this reason, if it is
indeed the case- that work on the projects is proceeding, if not apace, then at
least at a rate that warrants more funds-just as there is no ignoring the fact
that in the same period last year, there was literally no growth in credit flow.
According to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), loan growth to medium-sized
companies grew at 8% between 23 March and 23 August compared with 0.4% in the
corresponding period last year. For large companies, loan growth in the period
was 4.5% against 2.6% last year.

The revival is visible in the fund-starved infrastructure sector too, where bank
loans grew by 7.5% against 3.8% last year. Growth in personal loans and
agriculture loans has doubled, reflecting a revival in demand.

On a year-on-year basis, gross bank credit grew close to 16.8% in the 12 months
ended August from 16.2% in the year-ago period. RBI has projected credit growth
of 15% for banks in 2013-14. The increase in credit growth is at odds with
India's macroeconomic numbers- in the June quarter, gross domestic product (GDP)
grew at 4.4% after growing 4.8% in the March quarter, and 5% in fiscal 2013, the
slowest in at least 10 years-although it is in keeping with a growing belief
that the next quarter could be better. It is also in keeping with minor changes
that are becoming evident in data.

"The question really is on the quality of the credit growth," said Vaibhav
Agarwal, vicepresident, research at Angel Broking Ltd.

"There is a significant disconnect between the GDP growth and the kind of credit
growth reflected in RBI numbers." Much of the money is being directed to
companies that are now drawing down earlier- sanctioned loans to finance the
increased costs of delayed projects now being implemented.

Arundhati Bhattacharya, State Bank of India's new chairperson, said the bank has
seen a pick-up in credit demand. "Credit demand has been robust. There is
pick-up seen in credit on the retail loans," said Bhattacharya.

She cited the spike in short-term rates that made commercial paper issuances
expensive for companies as a reason why many corporations have returned to banks
for funds.

"There are no new projects coming up," said Arun Kaul, chairman and managing
director of Kolkata-based Uco Bank. "There were lot of projects that got delayed
which are slowly coming to implementation stage and they are drawing money." The
sharp depreciation in the rupee has also contributed to the rise in domestic
loan growth. A falling rupee has made foreign currency borrowing expensive for
companies and many of them have turned to local avenues for raising money. The
rupee has lost about 12% since January against the dollar.

"Banks are focusing more on the retail loans and agriculture. If you look at the
pricing of these loans in the last two years, this is evident," Kaul said.

The United Progressive Alliance-led government at the centre has been struggling
to revive industrial activity by unclogging the policy logjam holding up
projects. A cabinet committee on investment (CCI) has been set up to get stalled
projects off the ground. CCI has cleared 36 projects envisaging an investment of
'1.83 trillion, finance minister P.

Chidambaram said in August.

These projects include 18 power projects with an investment of '83,772 crore and
nine other infrastructure projects with a total outlay of '14,084 crore,
Chidambaram added.

The finance ministry estimated in April that there are around 215 infrastructure
projects worth around '7 trillion that have been held up in India.

The flip-side to the increase in credit could be more bad loans, warn analysts.

Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) of 40 listed banks grew to '2.08 trillion in
June, up 39.78% from '1.49 trillion in the same period last year.

Rising NPAs hurt the profitability of banks as they need to set aside money to
cover such loans.

Meanwhile, the growing pile of restructured loans is a bigger concern to policy
makers.

Analysts expect at least 25-30% of such loans to turn bad in the absence of
strong economic recovery. Loans restructured under the corporate debt
restructuring mechanism (CDR) crossed '2.5 trillion on a cumulative basis till
June. In the three months ended 30 June, banks restructured the debt of 12
companies, totalling '20,000 crore.

Besides the CDR platform, which operates under the aegis of RBI, banks also
bilaterally restructure the loans of corporate customers.

The aggregate figure for bilateral loan recasts is not available, but bankers
said such recasts may nearly equal the CDR figure.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2013 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 03, 2013

Nigerian Farmers Are Disconnected From Government Policies - Asenuga [interview]

LENGTH: 2296 words


He is passionate about agriculture, which he sees as a way of life. He grew up
to know his father as a successful farmer, after his graduation from the
University of Benin with a degree in Engineering he decided to join his father's
farm after a spell in the oil and gas sector.

Today

is the Managing Director of Eriku Farm, Ijebu Igbo, Ogun state and has interest
in other agro allied companies.

In this interview with

he shares his views on the country's agriculture as well as government's
intervention concluding that there is a disconnect between the policies of
government and the farmers.

Here is an excerpt of the interview.

No, I did not study agriculture, it is more or less like a family thing. I grew
up into agriculture basically, because Eriku is about 32 yrs and if you take
that away from my age you will discover that I was only a kid when my father
started the farming business.

So, I grew up seeing my father doing farming and with such a background when you
mature, you are tempted to want to go into what your dad does.

Agriculture for me was sort of something laid down, more or less a succession
thing. I grew up in it. It has always been interesting since I started in 1998
with my father.

Eriku was a much diversified company; we are into fishery, into crop production,
piggery and poultry. At a time we went into snail, but when I came into the
company, I tried to kind of streamline things.

I discovered that as at then we did not have the capacity to run a multi
dimensional farm because of the resources at our disposal , so I tried to cut
down the crop production, the piggery and fishery and focused on the egg and
meat production , primarily because then I saw that for the banks to give you
money they were interested in the cash flow and the only business in agriculture
that will give you steady cash flow was egg production, because the birds will
give you eggs every day.

So, there is money to take to bank every day, unlike the piggery where you need
to wait for the pigs to mature before selling and the bulk money comes in. For
the fishery you need to grow and mature for the bulk money to come in , but in
egg production the money comes in everyday and it is easy for you to sit down
and project and say this month if I produce 1000 crates and I sell at N500, I
make half a million daily , so in a month my turn over will be N50m.

So, it is easy for you to project, but it is much more difficult to project how
many pigs will be ready in three months , how many fish will be ready and all of
that, those come with different variation that was why I felt personally egg
production for me was more lucrative and want to stick to that.

Ever since then all my other involvement in agriculture has kind of tinted more
towards egg production and poultry generally.

Looking back basically like some 30 years back, poultry business has seriously
matured in Nigeria; the industry witnessed so much growth during the era of
President Olusegun Obasanjo being a farmer himself. Prior to Obasanjo's
government in late 90s in Nigeria, the pouupledltry business was going down as
most poultry businesses were folding up , basically because of importation.

Lots of poultry products were coming in through the boarders , the truth of the
matter is the cost of production in Nigeria still remains very high and just
like the way the telecom people were being protected when they started , so the
same way Obasanjo brought that protection , because of production in countries
outside Nigeria, especially country like Brazil is much more cheaper.

Brazil, if you check the map is just separated from Nigeria by the Atlantic
Ocean and shipment from Brazil to Nigeria will take just eight days, so, the
rate at which the products were infiltrating into Nigeria prior to his
presidency in no small measure affected the poultry industry in Nigeria.

Then farmers could not sell at the right price coupled with the fact that there
was growing cost of production and so people don't have any choice than to fold
up and the few ones that could cut corners and made savings were the people that
actually survived.

But ever since that period the poultry industry has really grown tremendously. I
can tell you about a company called Salmet they are into equipment manufacturing
based in Germany , they are the best poultry cage manufacturer in the world, as
we are talking now, Agric services is doing an installation for some of our
clients .

Nigeria farmers are buying the best notch equipment in the world , there was an
exhibition that took place in Atlanta this January which I attended , the level
of participation of Nigeria farmers was very impressive and one of the clients I
mentioned was the third in the world to buy the broiler cage from Salmet. With
Such feat in poultry in Nigeria, I will easily say the industry has matured.

What I am saying here is that the sector has actually grown, in the world nobody
can argue that, but then there remain a lot of challenges like every other
sector in Nigeria and then for me the farmers themselves need to do the needful.

I don't want to belong to the school of thought that wants to throw every
problem at the door step of the government. Within the system there are enormous
opportunities. Where ever there is a failure there is opportunity, so the
poultry farmer, the way we do farming in Nigeria as far as I am concern is not
the right approach.

If you want to do poultry, it is a value chain and all this value chains are
inter connected, because one chain affects the other chain. Now if you want to
do poultry, there is no way you can do it successfully without grains, because
soya and maize in the feed composition is about 70-75%.

For me, that gives solution. If you know soya and maize is 70-75 % of your
input, you will be crazy as investor not to look into the production of those
two grains.

If you go abroad, you see a farmer with half a million chicken or one million
chickens with five hectares of grain farm to guarantee the supply of input, but
in Nigeria you will see a farmer with hundred, two hundred thousand birds
without a farm. He is at the mercy of the grain producer and everybody is in the
business to make money.

In that situation , you can plan because the price of maize varies monthly , so
you are the mercy of that fluctuation and your profit is determined by the level
of fluctuation in the grain market.

That is the area the poultry farmers need to look into and that is what we are
preaching in agro supply to farmers and see how we can help them to leverage on
their capacity to do the needful and the needful for me is having your farm and
then investing in grain production.

You can have your poultry farm in Osun state and your grain farm in Kaduna, it
is all about collaboration.

You see another thing that is missing in Nigeria which we intend to do is about
the waste recycling in the poultry industry in Nigeria. Here 90% of the waste
which is poultry manure goes un-utilized and this is a major input in crop
production.

Nigeria is talking about fertilizer, government is importing fertilizers worth
billions of naira annually, and for me those are the opportunity niche. The
poultry industry should be producing 20% of the fertilizer requirement in
Nigeria and if at all we need to import, the human waste is organic fertilizer
too.

But there is nobody that is looking in that direction; these are the things we
hope to do in agric supply as time goes on. We have brought in the first organic
fertilizers processor to Nigeria for a client in Ota.

If you want to do agriculture, you have to it properly and to annex all the
opportunities in the value chains, so you have to do it properly or you don't do
it. With the new poultry system, you can collect your waste. It is easy for you
to collect your waste and when you collect, you take to the processor.

The processor works on it and you get your organic fertilizer which now becomes
input in the crop sector. So when you look at the value chain waste from poultry
is input in grain production. A major input for that matter, because with
fertilizer, organic fertilizer, you are creating level of nitrogen fixing in the
soil. The micro organism that needs to produce the right nutrients for the crops
to grow they do better with organic fertilizer unlike the in organic fertilizers
that we are using that bleaches the soil.

Farmers, unfortunately, don't understand all this inter relationship and
everybody is just in the business to make money and nobody is thinking about
doing the real thing.

In the area of mechanization in agriculture here in Nigeria, the only sector
that is doing well is poultry, when you look at our dairy sector of the economy,
the dairy is completely missing. Nobody is doing anything in dairy, you can't
get fresh milk in Nigeria and that for me is unacceptable.

We are consuming powered milk here, abroad it is not so, you get fresh milk
which is more nutritional, but here since the dairy sector is comatose, you
can't get fresh milk.

When you look at the fishery sector, the sector also does not involve much
mechanization, so it is very easy to catch up, but my problem is the mono
concentration on a particular breed which is cat fish.

Nobody is looking at other species; nobody is even looking at prawn production.
So that sector, though moving, is moving in mono direction.

Then, if you look at grain sector that has remained on the same spots over the
years, you see governors bringing in tractors, but they are bringing low
capacity tractors, they are not bringing in the heavy earth movers that can
handle heavy serious fertilizers or herbicides deployment or the harvester.

The concept of a governor in a state is still slanted towards the traditional
low power tractor that can do little or nothing.

If you go abroad, you will see tractors that are heavy tonnage that can move the
earth and do a lot of work. Here we are still scratching the surface, because
the question we should ask ourselves is what is the yield per hectare on a
typical maize farm in Nigeria?

The yield per hectare is still wavering between 1.5- 3 average and that is
waste. Abroad they are getting 10. In term mechanization, if you look at the
entire farming sector, the level of mechanization has not been encouraging, but
for me I still maintain that government will not give us the solution, the
private has to set up their games and money has to be channelled from whatever
source to boost the agricultural industry mechanization.

I will tell you something about agric supply, just like the normal farmer, I was
frustrated running Eriku farms. I got my equipment from Salmet in 2006,
wonderful equipment. You see the west dump equipment in Africa and they don't
see us as serious players, they are not serious about the African market, so
when they sell equipment to you, there is no support.

Buying the best equipment in the world and nobody to give you support. I am
visiting a client in Sagamu, they are the first set of people to go into
mechanize farming, but their system has collapsed.

But instead of sitting down and complaining this is not there, why you don't be
part of the solution and stop complaining. That is why we are come up with this
company to provide after sales services, unlike in the past where you buy from
Europe and nobody to service them.

Now there is a major disconnect between the government and the farmers and
without us fixing that disconnect, Nigeria agriculture might not achieve much.
If you check the development of most countries in the world. Those that are
developed started with agriculture, because you first need to produce the raw
materials then the processing industry will come up and then the service
industry will follow.

Here in Nigeria we have left the agricultural sector and as a result there can't
be processing because you have to produce excess before you start processing and
then the service sector.

Another disconnect is the knowledge centres which are the university, the
research institute among others. There is a disconnect between research
institutes

We have IITA in Ibadan, how many farmers know that IITA exist as well as
Nigerian Institute for Oil Palm Research. [NIFOR] and FIRO but there is no
connection. We have the universities of agriculture, there is no connection. A
typical graduate of agriculture knows or nothing about what happen in the
industry.

If you employ a vet doctor in your farm, you still have to start teaching him
from the scratch, so there is a major disconnect. We need to upgrade and without
going back to fix of these, you might still see yourself patching the problems.
And that is what each government has been doing.

Obasanjo did a wonderful job during his tenure, but since he left I have not
seen anything.

As for the new minister of agriculture, I respect him as a person, but then it
is not about bringing in the best brain, it is about knowing what to do. What
worked in America, England or Italy might not work here.

So, for me the minister for agriculture is still illusive, if at my level I
don't have any connection with the ministry, then what happens to the peasant
farmers on the street. So, there is a disconnect, people sit down in Abuja in
the comfort of their offices and write policies, without inputs from the
stakeholders.

I am not aware of any such team, but if they exist they have not visited my farm
and if there is any farm in Ogun state, I think Eriku is one of them. And if
somebody sits in Abuja and constitutes a committee and they have deemed it fit
to visit the farm of Eriku for me they have not started.

You see government comes with a lot of fallacies, propaganda and doctored
figures. I don't know how they came about the figure of the registered farmers
in Nigeria. I know my farm was not registered and others I know.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                              Australian2 Edition

New jobs deal to tackle big dry

BYLINE: EXCLUSIVE: JOE KELLY

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 753  words


Once the farmers stop â[#x20ac]¦ Joyce hails jobs deal to tackle big dry -

The government will provide a special economic stimulus package aimed at driving
employment, growth and population stability in drought-ravaged com-munities in
Queensland and NSW.

Agriculture Minister Barn-aby Joyce is finalising the package with Tony Abbott,
who is driving the plan, to deliver funding for "shovel-ready projects" to
ensure people who are out of work in drought-affected communities have a reason
to stay on the land. The move recognises that rural assistance goes beyond the
farm gate.

The funding is yet to be finalised, but it is likely to be between $20 million
and $40m - some Nationals MPs are pushing for up to $70m - with Mr Joyce
confirming the money will go -towards projects such as fencing, road works or
even ditch digging to lay fibre-optic cable.

Sources familiar with the process have confirmed the Prime Minister is looking
at how to fund the stimulus injection, one option being to bring forward money
for projects identified by councils under the Financial Assistance Grants
program.

While the exact criteria is yet to be set, priority will be given to local
government areas going into a third year of drought as well as other areas
experiencing economic hardship because of the harsh conditions.

Discussions have been held with a number of communities, -including the Walgett
Shire Council in NSW and Longreach Regional Council in Queensland, with a number
of projects identified including local club upgrades to roadworks.

"I've been in discussions with the Prime Minister about working out a more
direct package for those certain local government areas that are moving into the
third year of drought," Mr Joyce told The Australian.

"What this means is providing the capacity to bring forward projects that are of
use to provide liquidity for those local businesses.

"Once the farmers stop, the builders stop. Once the farmers stop, the mechanics
stop. Once the farmer stops, the casual work done by the folk in town stops."
The government has been facing pressure to provide broader -assistance, given
programs like the Farm Householder Allowance and the Farm Finance Concessional
Loans Scheme are narrowly targeted.

MPs have also argued that -because the drought is not classed as a natural
disaster it doesn't trigger emergency federal relief that flows for disasters
such as floods, bushfires and cyclones.

Of the 77 local government areas in Queensland, 44 have been drought declared,
covering about 75 per cent of the state. -Another 79 "individual droughted
property" declarations have been made in a further nine local government areas.

The Nationals have been pushing for greater relief to help -support rural
communities, with Queensland Senator Barry O'Sullivan warning assistance has
typic-ally "stopped at the farm gate" with communities still doing it tough.

"There are knock-on impacts within other businesses: cafes, -hotels, motels,
trading down 40 to 50 per cent â[#x20ac]¦ The people in the city are not
thinking about it," he told The Australian.

Senator O'Sullivan said the drought meant that, in rural communities, while
stocking rates had plummeted school numbers were also falling, business had cut
trading hours, staff were being let go and even kangaroos were now
"cannibalising the dead carcasses of other kangaroos".

"In our indolence in not attending upon this ... we will unintentionally destroy
an entire geographic sector if we're not careful," he said.

"The money that is injected must be spent with local labour, local material and
local subcontractors. There will need to be guidelines." Joe Owens, the mayor of
Longreach Regional Council in central Queensland, going into its third year of
drought, warned that the nearby township of Ilfracombe only had about five
months of water supply left.

He warned that some graziers in the greater council region had only 25 per cent
of stock left while others had none. "Certainly, without rain and without an
injection of cash into the economy, whether it be from governments or an
absolutely cracker of a tourist season, we need the foreign -dollars, as I call
them, coming into the areas out here to stimulate the cash flow or keep things
going," Mr Owens said.

"Undoubtedly, there probably has been a few leave town."There are a few people
who were employed on properties who are no longer employed that have moved on
... The smaller the town, the sooner they are affected by the drought; then, as
time goes on, the businesses start not having the cash flow."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                              Australian3 Edition

New jobs deal to tackle big dry

BYLINE: EXCLUSIVE: JOE KELLY

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 753  words


Once the farmers stop â[#x20ac]¦ Joyce hails jobs deal to tackle big dry -

The government will provide a special economic stimulus package aimed at driving
employment, growth and population stability in drought-ravaged com-munities in
Queensland and NSW.

Agriculture Minister Barn-aby Joyce is finalising the package with Tony Abbott,
who is driving the plan, to deliver funding for "shovel-ready projects" to
ensure people who are out of work in drought-affected communities have a reason
to stay on the land. The move recognises that rural assistance goes beyond the
farm gate.

The funding is yet to be finalised, but it is likely to be between $20 million
and $40m - some Nationals MPs are pushing for up to $70m - with Mr Joyce
confirming the money will go -towards projects such as fencing, road works or
even ditch digging to lay fibre-optic cable.

Sources familiar with the process have confirmed the Prime Minister is looking
at how to fund the stimulus injection, one option being to bring forward money
for projects identified by councils under the Financial Assistance Grants
program.

While the exact criteria is yet to be set, priority will be given to local
government areas going into a third year of drought as well as other areas
experiencing economic hardship because of the harsh conditions.

Discussions have been held with a number of communities, -including the Walgett
Shire Council in NSW and Longreach Regional Council in Queensland, with a number
of projects identified including local club upgrades to roadworks.

"I've been in discussions with the Prime Minister about working out a more
direct package for those certain local government areas that are moving into the
third year of drought," Mr Joyce told The Australian.

"What this means is providing the capacity to bring forward projects that are of
use to provide liquidity for those local businesses.

"Once the farmers stop, the builders stop. Once the farmers stop, the mechanics
stop. Once the farmer stops, the casual work done by the folk in town stops."
The government has been facing pressure to provide broader -assistance, given
programs like the Farm Householder Allowance and the Farm Finance Concessional
Loans Scheme are narrowly targeted.

MPs have also argued that -because the drought is not classed as a natural
disaster it doesn't trigger emergency federal relief that flows for disasters
such as floods, bushfires and cyclones.

Of the 77 local government areas in Queensland, 44 have been drought declared,
covering about 75 per cent of the state. -Another 79 "individual droughted
property" declarations have been made in a further nine local government areas.

The Nationals have been pushing for greater relief to help -support rural
communities, with Queensland Senator Barry O'Sullivan warning assistance has
typic-ally "stopped at the farm gate" with communities still doing it tough.

"There are knock-on impacts within other businesses: cafes, -hotels, motels,
trading down 40 to 50 per cent â[#x20ac]¦ The people in the city are not
thinking about it," he told The Australian.

Senator O'Sullivan said the drought meant that, in rural communities, while
stocking rates had plummeted school numbers were also falling, business had cut
trading hours, staff were being let go and even kangaroos were now
"cannibalising the dead carcasses of other kangaroos".

"In our indolence in not attending upon this ... we will unintentionally destroy
an entire geographic sector if we're not careful," he said.

"The money that is injected must be spent with local labour, local material and
local subcontractors. There will need to be guidelines." Joe Owens, the mayor of
Longreach Regional Council in central Queensland, going into its third year of
drought, warned that the nearby township of Ilfracombe only had about five
months of water supply left.

He warned that some graziers in the greater council region had only 25 per cent
of stock left while others had none. "Certainly, without rain and without an
injection of cash into the economy, whether it be from governments or an
absolutely cracker of a tourist season, we need the foreign -dollars, as I call
them, coming into the areas out here to stimulate the cash flow or keep things
going," Mr Owens said.

"Undoubtedly, there probably has been a few leave town."There are a few people
who were employed on properties who are no longer employed that have moved on
... The smaller the town, the sooner they are affected by the drought; then, as
time goes on, the businesses start not having the cash flow."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday

SECTION: CC NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 366 words


NEW YORK

Police arrest relative in 'Baby Hope' killing

Detectives solved the decades-old mystery of "Baby Hope," a little girl whose
body was discovered inside a picnic cooler beside a Manhattan highway in 1991,
and arrested a relative of the child Saturday after he admitted he sexually
assaulted and smothered her, police said. Conrado Juarez, 52, was arrested on a
murder charge and was awaiting arraignment. Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly
said Juarez claimed he killed the girl at his sister's apartment and that she
helped him dispose of the body. The sister has since died, police said. They
were cousins of the little girl's father. The girl's name, age and circumstances
of her death were unknown for more than two decades.

New York

States affected by food stamp debit card outage

People in Ohio, Michigan and 15 other states found themselves unable to use
their food stamp debit-style cards on Saturday, after a routine test of backup
systems by vendor Xerox Corp. resulted in a system failure. U.S. Department of
Agriculture spokeswoman Courtney Rowe underscored that the outage is not related
to the government shutdown. Shoppers left carts of groceries behind at a packed
Market Basket grocery store in Biddeford, Maine, because they couldn't get their
benefits, said fellow shopper Barbara Colman, of Saco, Maine.

The manager put up a sign saying the EBT system was not in use.

FLAGSTAFF, Ariz.

State, fed deal opens nat'l parks

Tourists returned to the Grand Canyon on Saturday after Arizona officials along
with several counterparts agreed to a federal government plan to reopen national
parks, which had been closed as a result of the partial government shutdown. But
the Obama administration's OK to reopen tourist areas across the nation came
with a big caveat: States must foot the bill with money they likely won't see
again. So far, Utah, Colorado, South Dakota, Arizona and New York have agreed to
open parks that had been closed since the beginning of the month. Meanwhile,
governors in other states were trying to gauge what would be the bigger economic
hit - paying to keep the areas operating or losing the tourist money that flows
when the scenic attractions are open.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Weekend Australian

                June 26, 2004 Saturday All-round Country Edition

A national plan to save the Murray - SAVING THE MURRAY RIVER

SOURCE: MATP

SECTION: FEATURES; Leader; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 693 words


THE Prime Minister and premiers have combined to spend money like water, on
water. And while allocating $500 million to let water run in a river might seem
like a monstrous waste of a valuable resource, it is a key aspect of a long
overdue national strategy. Australians have traditionally assumed that water was
a completely free resource, that we could use as much of it as we liked, that
droughts were an imposition, not an inevitable, and natural, part of our
continent's environment. In the past, farmers saw nothing wrong in using water
inefficiently, with open ditches used to irrigate broad acres. They focused on
low-profit, water-intensive crops. And state governments handed out authority to
suck water out of inland rivers with no regard for the environment. Sometimes
more water was notionally allocated than even existed. The result was long-term
damage to the land through salinity and the death of native vegetation. Even
now, drought notwithstanding, nearly 50 per cent of the water in the
Murray-Darling basin, the nation's biggest river system, is diverted, mainly for
irrigation. Not all the news is bad. A big investment in mitigation works means
the system's salinity is increasingly under control. But this is not enough and
The Australian has campaigned for years for a plan to save our biggest river.

Now we have one. After 10 years of work on a national approach, Canberra and the
eastern states have finally agreed that as rivers don't respect state borders, a
national approach to water management is needed. Yesterday's deal commits the
governments to fund a buyback of water from farmers in the Murray-Darling basin,
which will be used to increase the river system's natural flow. It is a
spectacular step forward, that will go some way to repairing the ravaged river
system. In the future when there is a scientific need for more water to flow
free, farmers will pick up 3 per cent of the cost, with the rest being met by a
combination of state and federal money. This is as practical an arrangement as
is politically possible. It respects landowners property rights in water but it
acknowledges that the old system, which left the Murray-Darling to fend for
itself, could not continue.

Just as important, it adds to the impetus to use water more efficiently, through
a national approach to water trading. Arrangements that allow farmers to buy and
sell their water rights already exist. Yesterday drought-stricken farmers in
northern Victoria were reported to be selling off water rights, variously to pay
their bills or to raise capital for new ventures. Such arrangements place an
economic value on water that forces farmers to make the best possible use of it.
But until now trading has been state specific, burdened by the usual collections
of provincial rules and regulations. A national approach will encourage
investment across the country, which should mean a new age for agriculture. For
a start, it can create new water-efficient industries. In northern Victoria, one
major irrigation channel used to lose 46,500 megalitres through evaporation and
leaks, to provide just 3500Ml to farmers. This was a spectacularly wicked waste,
a single megalitre amounts to 1 million litres, which will fill an Olympic
swimming pool. There is now a proposal to replace 16,000km with pipes, to save
103,000Ml a year. The cost is high, estimated in hundreds of millions, but the
savings could be significant, an estimated 13,000Ml a year. With water now
selling in the area for $1100/Ml, this could be a source of serious savings. And
there is a prospect of doing more with less. Water scientist Peter Cullen
suggests irrigators could halve their water use and double productivity by
abandoning flood irrigation for rice and developing water plans for high-value
crops. In Victoria, a megalitre applied to beef pasture will earn $100. The same
amount of money used for vegetables or premium wine grapes will generate ten
times the income. As well as helping restore the Murray-Darling, today's deal
will encourage sustainable, profitable agriculture. Which makes it $500 million
in seed money well spent.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 15, 2010 Friday
                                  Main Edition

BEETLE FIGHT GETS MORE FUNDS;
Feds giving $14 million for several Idaho forests

BYLINE: Becky Kramer beckyk@spokesman.com, (208) 765-7122

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 482 words


The U.S. Forest Service is getting an additional $14 million to fight a bark
beetle outbreak in Idaho that has left mountainsides covered with dying,
red-needled trees.

The tiny beetles have chewed their way through nearly 1.3 million acres in the
state, denuding trees from Lolo Pass to Lookout Pass along the Idaho-Montana
border. At Bald Mountain in Sun Valley, the sheer volume of beetle-killed trees
is creating a wildfire danger for the town of Ketchum. Beetle attacks are also
killing off rare whitebark pines, whose fat-laden seeds provide high calorie
snacks for grizzly bears.

During a three-day backpacking trip in the Seven Devils Mountains near Hells
Canyon, Idaho Congressman Walt Minnick said he couldn't find a single whitebark
pine with green needles. "Every tree was riddled with bark beetles," said
Minnick, D-Idaho.

The funding was announced Thursday by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack,
who oversees the Forest Service. Last month, the Department of Agriculture
pledged $40 million to fight beetle outbreaks in Colorado, Wyoming and South
Dakota, which are experiencing similar problems.

The $14 million for Idaho will be used to thin crowded trees, restore watershed
health and reduce wildfire danger near communities. About $5 million in new
funds will flow into the Idaho Panhandle, Nez Perce and Clearwater national
forests. The rest of the money will be spent in Southern Idaho.

The money will be available for projects beginning this summer, though some
projects may take several years to complete, said Andy Brunelle, a Forest
Service spokesman in Boise.

Bark beetles are native to Rocky Mountain forests, with distinct beetle species
preying on different tree types. The beetles bore under the tree bark to lay
their eggs, eventually killing the trees by restricting their ability to draw
water.

In recent years, beetle outbreaks have increased in intensity and acreage.
Milder winters mean that more of the pests survive the cold months, said
Minnick, a former timber industry executive who lobbied for the funding, along
with U.S. Rep. Mike Simpson, R-Idaho. More trees are also under stress, which
increases mortality rates from beetle attacks.

"Years of fire suppression and changes in logging practice have led to
overstocked, unhealthy forests," said Serena Carlson, a spokeswoman for
Intermountain Forest Association in Coeur d'Alene, an industry group. "You
combine with a couple of drought years, and you end up with an entire forest of
stressed trees susceptible to beetle kill."

Thinning forests will reduce the trees' competition for water, Minnick said.
He's anticipating that the $14 million will create new jobs in rural
communities, but the Forest Service's Brunelle said it's too soon to make
predictions.

SIDEBAR:

DISTINCT SPECIES

Bark beetles are native to Rocky Mountain forests, with distinct beetle species
preying on different tree types.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique (English)

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

District Development Fund Needs to Be Integrated Into Supply Chain

BYLINE: Muhamud Matsinhe

LENGTH: 1009 words

DATELINE: Maputo


Beneficiaries of the District Development Fund (FDD) who are engaged in
agricultural projects have complained about the lack of transport in rural
areas, which is symptomatic of a larger problem that threatens the
sustainability of FDD.

The FDD is still commonly referred to as "the seven million", since it began in
2006 as an allocation of seven million meticais from the central state budget to
each of the 128 districts in the country.

The money is lent to individuals or groups with viable projects that will create
jobs and boost food production.

The borrowers are required to repay the loan, so that the FDD can become a
rotating fund, lending out money to new applicants without necessarily being
replenished over and over again from the state budget.

But in reality, across the country the great majority of people who received
money from the fund have yet to repay any of it.

In a typical case, Joaquim Luis, a small farmer in the district of Muanza, in
the central province of Sofala, is a beneficiary of a loan from FDD. He has
spent the loan on increasing agricultural production, and has upped output to 20
sacks of maize.

But he has not been able to repay the loan, which he blamed on not being able to
sell all the maize. He lamented that potential buyers have refused to come to
his farm to get the produce because of the poor state of local roads. Instead,
he has been told to take the maize to the buyers.

"I then decided to transport the maize on my bicycle, but it could not cope with
the excess weight, and broke whilst I was moving the first two sacks", Luis told
a rally held in Nhansato last week as part of President Guebuza's "open and
inclusive presidency" tour of Sofala province.

Luis stated, "I ended up carrying corn to Gorongosa where I sold it, but I
received little money and now I have a broken bicycle".

Low rate of repayment

The FDD has failed in terms of becoming a rolling fund. Reports from the
southern province of Inhambane show that, despite improvements, people are
falling behind with repayments.

According to a report from the Inhambane provincial government, the province
only managed to collect about 16.4 million meticais (585,000 US dollars), which
accounts for only about 25 per cent of the 66.3 million initially planned to be
repaid last year.

Despite the suggestion that repayment levels are improving, they are still far
behind target and threaten the sustainability of the entire project.

Because of this, some people have suggested that the FDD be closed down and its
work handed over to commercial banks. However, Mozambican banks have shown
little interest in investing in agriculture.

Furthermore, commercial banks do not exist in the majority of the country's 128
districts, yet alone in the administrative posts or localities, where most of
the beneficiaries of these funds live. Nor do many small farmers have the
capacity to handle the red tape required by the banks.

What matters, according to other commentators, is to identify mistakes and learn
lessons without damaging those who have glimpsed a brighter future through the
correct use of these funds.

The experience in Inhambane shows that the beneficiaries tend to abandon
agriculture because of the associated risks and prefer instead to invest the
funds in commercial activities.

In both Sofala and Inhambane, food production has been hampered by the poor
state of the local access roads, which has hit the free flow of goods to market.

Nor have these loans created many jobs, because the funds are being invested in
the commercial sector, which by its very nature is not labour intensive.

Agriculture has the greatest potential to achieve the fund's objectives, but the
challenge is to make the sector more attractive to investment from the FDD.

In a recently published article, the economist Firmino Mucavele called for
far-reaching reforms in the agricultural sector, with the adoption of a
pragmatic and realistic policy for transforming subsistence agriculture into
commercial farming.

Mucavele argued that the country will only be able to have high levels of
agricultural production and productivity, and contribute to development of other
sectors, by banking on commercial agriculture run by small and medium sized
companies.

He argued that there is no coordination between different value chains, and
there is no harmony and congruence between the policies and actions defined for
the various sectors of development.

"As a result, no action or policy is successful. If there is finance for seeds,
there is no finance for transport or storage. If there is a railway line, there
is no agro-processing. There is no linkage between production, processing,
storage and distribution", said Mucavele.

Because of these problems, and climatic factors, Mozambican small farmers do not
have large incomes from their farms, despite dedicating enormous efforts to
develop their activities.

In the case of Joaquim Luis, who in the last harvest produced more maize than he
expected, his business failed because of the lack of coordination highlighted by
Mucavele.

He had money, bought seeds, ploughed more fields than the previous year, but
then did not have the means to transport his product to market to sell his
produce.

Other producers lack tractors for ploughing, railway lines to move the produce,
and milling and processing industries to add value.

These and other experiences show that the simple distribution of "the seven
million" to the population is not sustainable, and by itself will not contribute
to increased food production nor the creation of a considerable number of jobs.

They show that "the seven million " will not be successful, even if it is
multiplied many times, unless it is part of an integrated project to
revolutionise the agricultural sector, aimed at supporting small farmers as part
of an interconnected chain between various sectors.

But this will only be possible if the FDD continues, which will in the future be
dependent on the next President, who will follow on from President Armando
Guebuza who steps down from office in 2014.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              June 24, 2005 Friday

Awash in federal regs

BYLINE: Dimitri Vassilaros

LENGTH: 551 words


Joe Six-Pack does not care that each of the two volumes of the federal tax code
is thicker than a Bible; that the federal regulations code takes up over 20 feet
of shelf space (picture a row of 60 Bibles); or that there are so many new
regulations that it takes at least two full-time employees to read them, let
alone implement.

But he will care if his family needs a new washing machine by 2007.

"Regulations not only cost money but they limit choices and freedoms," said
Susan E. Dudley, director of the Regulatory Studies Program at the Mercatus
Center at George Mason University. Mercatus is a libertarian-leaning think tank
that crunches numbers and grinds out free-market solutions to economic problems.
Like buying a washing machine.

The Department of Energy has ruled that, starting in 2007, consumers looking for
new washing machines will be permitted to purchase only low-flow ones, according
to Dudley. Regulations will ensure the machines will have less flow, but be more
costly, she said.

"High-end machines will be all you can buy," Dudley said. Low-end ones, about
$300 less, are less water-efficient. The cost savings supposedly evaporate after
two years.

Regulators have accomplices.

"The washing machine manufacturers asked for the regulation because consumers
were not buying high-end machines," Dudley said. The manufacturers hoped the
Department of Energy would ban the product consumers like best, she said.
"Energy said, 'Sure.'"

Regs by the numbers

The Regulatory Studies Program at Mercatus just released "Upward Trend in
Regulation Continues: An Analysis of the U.S. Budget for Fiscal Years 2005 and
2006," a study of the regulators' budget and staffing for 68 federal regulatory
agencies.

It's a very dry read -- until you start shopping for a new washing machine after
next year.

There was a 46 percent increase in the size of the regulators' budget just since
2000. The regulators' budget for the 68 regulatory agencies is estimated to be
$41.4 billion in 2006. That's up from $39.5 billion in 2005, according to the
study.

The fiscal year 2006 Budget of the United States Government calls for a 4.8
percent increase in outlays -- way above the rate of inflation -- for writing,
administering and enforcing federal regulations. Could there be additional ones
for Swiss cheese?

"The Department of Agriculture regulations affect the prices of products we
buy," Dudley said. "They cost more than they should." Agriculture regulates the
size of the holes of Swiss cheese. "They can't be too small or too big," she
said.

Mercatus published a book written by Dudley that should be required reading for
every high school student -- and every voter in this republic. "A Day in the
Life of a Regulated American Family" is just that.

From the radio alarm at 7 a.m., when the listener can hear the effect of
heavy-handed government regulations controlling the airwaves and programming
content, to the time the children wearing government-approved sleepwear are
tucked into bed, the embedded omnipresent government regulations redefine the
nuclear family and cost it over $8,000 each year.

The must-read page-turner is available through Mercatus. She might even
autograph your copy if you ask.

Dudley called back later that day to say that upon further review, it is closer
to 80 Bibles.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           February 13, 2010 Saturday

Pakistan: Pakistan concerned over dam on Kabul River

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 13 -- A trilateral US-Pakistan-Afghanistan forum on agriculture
has made a robust start in its first meeting held in Qatar with the United
States making initial commitment of $100 million as first tranche out of a hefty
fund it promised to bolster agriculture in Pakistan and Afghanistan.'More money
will flow as concrete projects get under way,' US deputy under-secretary
agriculture Burnham Philbrook observed in the plenary session. According to a
message received here on Friday, the meeting was organised in Doha by the US
Embassy in Pakistan for security reasons and to avoid visa and other
complications envisaged in holding it in the United States.Working groups
comprising experts from the three countries in their deliberations focused on
areas of food security, trade corridors and water management. Malik announced
that the next meeting of the forum will be held in Pakistan in April. Pakistan
voiced its concerns on the dam being built on River Kabul with India's
assistance and suggested a profound engagement between Pakistan and Afghanistan
to address these concerns. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday
                               Telegraph Edition

Parched earth turns the hopes of towns to dust

BYLINE: SAMANTHA TOWNSEND

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 590  words


IT'S a grim irony that many of the bush folk battling for survival in the big
dry are forced to liken their -crippled cash flow from farms to communities as a
"river that has dried up".

But that is exactly how a leading agriculture figure and Walgett grazier James
Morris both view the drought - rural communities whose livelihoods were directly
linked to those on the land crippled by the drought gripping 60 per cent of the
state. Mr Morris is all too aware how in desperately dry times when local
farmers are forced to pour millions of dollars into keeping their animals and
crops alive, it is the townsfolk in Walgett, in the state's northwest, who also
lose out.

"When the farmer thrives so does the town," Mr Morris, who runs Bonanza merino
stud, a 17,800ha property, said. "As farmers we can prepare for a drought, we
can put fodder aside and we can tighten our belts but businesses find it
extremely hard during a drought when farmers stop spending.

"It's like a river, if we can keep it trickling, it will take less water to keep
it running than letting it go completely dry." NSW Farmers CEO Matt Brand also
highlighted the flow-on effect a prosperous farm sector usually had for
surrounding rural businesses as well as retailers who provided goods and
services for families.

"Once the cash flow dries up on a farm in drought, there's a ripple -effect
right through the community," he said.

"Like water, business - pardon the pun - dries up." Commonwealth Bank regional
and agribusiness banking executive general manager Geoff Wearne agreed there was
a corresponding contraction in spending in rural communities when times got
tough on the land.

"We do see farmers reduce investment and discretionary spending. This affects
local economies as well as the supply chain," he said.

Businesses in Walgett - the town's name means "meeting of two rivers" in the
local Aboriginal language - were revealing the devastating consequences of those
flow-on effects. Some retailers said they were -suffering a 90 per cent
downturn, while others were simply watching staff numbers drop nearly by half.

With 95 per cent of his business coming from farmers, Lex Scotti, from Walgett
Tyre Machinery Service, said his staff numbers had gone from 23 to 14 in just 12
months.

"The town is suffering and as a small business we always seemed to be
overlooked," Mr Scotti said. "In 35 years I've been through a couple of droughts
and in the last one I said I wouldn't go through another and here we are again.

"Ninety-five per cent of our business is reliant on farmers and because they are
doing it tough, sales have been terrible. We are down 90 per cent compared to
2012.

"Every person we lose, leaves the town as does their money." It was a similar
story from Walgett District Sports Club manager Jenni McKenzie, who said a
social life was often the first thing to go when the big dry bit into farmers'
wallets. "They are just paying for the necessities as they can't afford the
added extras," she said. "Due to the drought we have lost 30 per cent in
business.

"We had a trivia night to raise funds for children and we had 190 people here.
It was the second time people had come out in a year." Walgett butcher Phillip
Andrews described his current business climate as "just frightening".

"I employ eight staff and I have been trying to look after them but how long we
can do that will depend on how long the drought goes for," Mr Andrews said.At
Duncan's Fashions, owner Donna Macdonald said: "I'm having to cut staff back
because people are not spending as much."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           January 10, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

U.S. farm bill needs overhaul to become fair

BYLINE: The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; SP Opinions; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 738  words


The battle in Canada may be for the future of the Canadian Wheat Board, but
south of the border, American farmers and politicians are debating the death of
the pervasive U.S. Farm Bill.

As the Washington Post put it in a recent set of stories, the farm bill in 2001
authorized "an eye-popping $50 billion, 10-year increase in price supports and
income supports for farmers."

So eye-popping, in fact, that in 2005, while the American treasury was drowning
in red ink as it paid for the war in Iraq and a massive wave of tax cuts
(according to a report on Monday, these favoured those who earned more than a
million dollars a year) 1.2 million American farmers and landowners reaped $15
billion in income support and price guarantees.

But that money didn't go proportionately to all farmers. According to The Post,
the benefits were heavily tilted to large commercial farmers in a handful of
states that provided the greatest political benefit.

The question posed by the influential newspaper is whether the new Congress has
the stomach to staunch this flow of public largesse to the select few when the
bill comes up for renewal on Sept. 30.

That battle was started by a politician in Iowa who has his eyes set on the
White House. It is ironic that Tom Vilsack should lobby against a subsidy
program that pumps a huge amount of federal cash into his state in America's
heartland. However, the former governor insists the farm bill is doing exactly
the opposite of what lawmakers insisted it was intended to do. Rather than
saving the family farm, it is driving it out of existence.

Vilsack's argument is strong. He and other lobbyists pushing for subsidy reforms
suggest that pumping so much money into large farms has driven up the price of
land and equipment and made it almost impossible for a young person to start
out, or for smaller farmers to compete.

Iowa farmers claim it has become common to see representatives from the big
agriculture companies patrolling rural areas of the state, looking for more
land. And when locals try to bid on the property the prices are pushed out of
reach, thanks to the government subsidies.

"If the purpose of farm policy was to save the family farm and help stabilize
rural communities, then it hasn't worked," farmer Thomas Oswald told The Post.
"What the government is really doing is subsidizing land and assets, not
people."

Vilsack suggests he'd like to see subsidies directed more toward conservation,
nutrition, rural development and energy research.

Proponents of reforms argue this not only would help the family farm, it would
help America. Their arguments are bolstered by an effort from aid groups to
bring to Washington farmers from the Third World who are trapped in poverty
trying to compete with the U.S. treasury.

This is an argument U.S. trade officials faced without blinking as they helped
preside over the death of the latest round of world trade negotiations.

But it is far from clear whether the argument from Vilsack and other lobbyists
will carry the day. They are lined up against a broad spectrum of big farmers,
rural banks, insurance companies, real estate operators and tractor dealers who
not only want the farm bill to survive but want it enriched.

And a lot of small farmers who resent being hooked on government largesse can't
afford to lose the subsidies. Their payments for land and equipment can't be
made without the cheques from Washington.

Even those farmers who are relatively successful at working in the free market
rather than depending on government programs found themselves at odds with the
farm lobby.

When Hein Hettinga started to bottle and sell his farm's milk outside of the
government-approved co-operative system that works similarly to Canada's milk
boards, the government passed regulations that made it impossible for him to
compete.

Canadian producers know just what Hettinga faces. From meat to grains, they face
U.S. protectionism in the form of regulations and restrictions. And they have to
pay subsidy-inflated American prices for farm inputs and equipment without
getting comparable subsidies in Canada.

If there is hope north of the 49th parallel, it is that American lawmakers will
see the error of their ways and that Canadian lawmakers will begin to
concentrate on the very areas put forward by Vilsack -- conservation, nutrition,
rural development and energy research -- rather than squander their efforts on
trying to dismantle the CWB.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            March 30, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Lots of dough for grain farmers

BYLINE: Angela Hall, with files from Murray Mandryk, Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 806  words


Saskatchewan producers will get a significant chunk of a $1 billion federal farm
aid package meant to help with the aftermath of BSE and frost-damaged crops.

Cash-strapped producers facing spring seeding and calving season praised the
announcement as timely, but industry groups and federal politicians alike
acknowledge the funds aren't a permanent fix.

Federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell said the short-term aid will give the
government a chance to "deal with some of the long-term structural issues that
face the industry as a whole."

Mitchell said Saskatchewan producers suffered the "heartbreak" of an early frost
last Aug. 20, impacting a potential bumper crop, combined with rising costs, low
commodity prices, previous back-to-back droughts and almost two years of
BSE-related cattle trade bans.

"This has been a difficult time for Canadian producers," said Mitchell at a stop
in Regina during his one-day, three-province tour. "2005 is likely to be the
third consecutive year of negative income from the marketplace for Canadian
producers."

The grains and oilseeds sector will capture $480 million under the Farm Income
Payment Program.

About $300 million is for the cattle industry and $21 million will go to
producers of other ruminant animals like sheep, which have been shut of the U.S.
along with live cattle since the discovery of BSE in May 2003.

Some of the payments will be based on a calculation of a producer's eligible net
sales. A portion of aid for cattle producers will be a per-head payment.

"It's a very small step, but a good first step to a situation that can't
continue," said Terry Hildebrandt, president of the Agricultural Producers
Association of Saskatchewan.

Hildebrandt, whose group had called for $1.9 billion, said they will have to see
exactly how money is doled out among the sectors and to individual farmers.

The federal agriculture minister said a "significant portion" of the money will
come to Saskatchewan because of the size of its cattle herd and grains and
oilseeds sector, but wouldn't comment on Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark
Wartman's suggestion the province will be in line for $250 to $280 million of
the federal money.

Mitchell also encouraged provinces to chip in and keep with the traditional
60-40 federal-provincial split on agricultural programs, but the federal money
will be paid regardless of what provinces contribute. Wartman, along with some
of his provincial counterparts, was cold to the minister's suggestion.

Wartman welcomed the aid but said that cost-sharing arrangement is already too
onerous for Saskatchewan on other programs.

"To have a unilateral program that is designed by the federal government,
brought in by the federal government with no consultation and an expectation
that the provinces would add 40 per cent to it I think is to expect a lot out of
a province struggling to meet our contractual obligations," said Wartman, who
predicted a 60-40 program could have the Saskatchewan paying $180 million.

And, for a change, the minister's position received support from the
Saskatchewan Party Opposition.

"I'd be a little hesitant to jump in and say the province should step up to the
plate," said agriculture critic Bob Bjornerud.

Neal Hardy, president of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities,
said Saskatchewan could add the money if it wanted to. "I'd like to say to our
provincial government: You've heard what the federal government has done, now
step up to the plate."

Meanwhile, Mitchell also announced that Canada, the United States and Mexico
have agreed to a North American import standard that establishes a framework for
beef and cattle trade between the three countries. Mexico has indicated it will
now begin the process that will allow the importation of a broader range of beef
and cattle from Canada, in line with what the U.S. is proposing to accept from
Canada.

"It's a very important agreement between the three countries," Mitchell said.

He said that with the new agreement, Canada will also re-open its borders to
some American live cattle.

Ted Haney with the Canada Beef Export Federation said the North American
agreement is a good step, but noted that Mexico has so far refused to give the
U.S. access for any beef products that the U.S. won't take from Canada.

"I hope (the North American agreement) does not in any way reduce the economic
incentive for the United States to continue focusing on getting the rule (to
resume cattle trade with Canada) implemented," said Haney.

The agriculture minister threw out a further bit of good news in Regina,
announcing the Farm Improvement and Marketing Co-operative Loan Act will
continue while an expanded program is devised.

The loan guarantee program was put on the chopping block in the last federal
budget, causing an outcry in Saskatchewan where it has the highest usage.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Don Healy, The Leader-Post; Federal Agriculture Minister Andy
Mitchell, at a news conference in Regina Tuesday, announces Canada's cattle and
beef producers will receive more than $300 million to help them deal with
continuing cash flow pressures brought on by the mad cow crisis.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Panel seeking $1.2M in aid for dairy farmers

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK BDN STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A6

LENGTH: 757 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Members of the Legislature's Agriculture, Conservation and Forestry Committee
voted late Tuesday to seek $1.2 million in the state's supplemental budget to
assist Maine's struggling dairy farmers.

"For the next four months, on a day-to-day cash flow basis, Maine's dairy
farmers are in the cross hairs," Julie Marie Bickford of the Maine Dairy
Industry Association said Wednesday. "Big or small, everybody is at risk."

Bickford said that the federally set blend price for milk in December - the
price that farmers' February payments will be based on - was $16.91 per
hundredweight. In Maine, it costs the majority of farmers $20.70 per
hundredweight to produce milk.

"Grain costs have doubled. Fuel is up dramatically. Dealers have extended credit
as far as it can go, and farmers are now preparing to meet with their lenders
regarding funding for the next growing season," Bickford said. "It is near
crisis."

At the center of the crisis is Maine's Dairy Stabilization Tier Program, a
ground-breaking system that has been touted as a model across the country.

The subsidy provides a safety net when the federally set price of milk dips
below $17 per hundredweight. Even with the subsidy, Maine dairy farmers are
still not making enough to cover their production expenses.

Because it costs more to make milk in Maine than anywhere else in the country,
the program has helped stabilize the industry and slowed the loss of farms.
Still, Maine lost 24 farms in just the past year.

When milk prices are high, farmers get nothing from the program. But when prices
drop too low, the state subsidy kicks in to help make up for what the federal
subsidy does not. Farmers must apply to receive the state subsidy.

The tier program is balanced by a milk handling fee paid by the consumer that
brings in about $6 million annually. But legally, the handling fee cannot be
formally linked to the dedicated program.

"It may not be official, but there is a kind of public trust that the handling
fee money is used to support the tiered program," Bickford said. Unfortunately,
the $6 million that the handling fee brought in last year went into the state's
general fund and was spent in other areas, Bickford said. And no funding for the
tier program was placed in the supplemental budget to offset the funds.

The agriculture committee vote on Tuesday was 8 in favor and 2 opposed to make
the funding recommendation to the Appropriations Committee. "They [agriculture
committee members who voted against seeking the funding] made it clear that
there was no lack of support for the program," Bickford said. "They understand
the program and agreed that we still need to get money to these farmers. It was
purely a dollars decision."

Committee member Dean Cray, R-Palmyra, who voted against seeking the additional
funding, said Wednesday, "I feel that we made a deal two years ago with the
farmers. We capped the tier program at $17.3 million and took the money up
front.

"The dairy farmers took the chance that milk prices would go up and they
didn't," he said. "I support the dairy industry, and this was a hard vote for me
to say no. But why take this before the Appropriations Committee and make them
look like the bad guys? I think it will be killed outright."

Committee member Rep. Jeff McCabe, D-Skowhegan, however, said Wednesday that he
felt "the governor's office has completely left out the dairy industry, even in
discussions. This is very troubling to me."

He said it is important to stand up for the program now.

"The dairy industry upholds Maine's entire agricultural infrastructure," he
said. "This money that goes to the farmers, they aren't keeping it. It goes
right back into the economy, to employees, dealers, taxes."

All state offices closed at noon Wednesday because of the winter storm, and Gov.
Paul LePage could not be reached for comment on the proposed appropriation. But
Bickford said no one in state government is disputing the value or the impact of
the tier program.

"We feel the support from the Legislature and the governor," she said, "but that
is not translating into dollars."

Bickford said Maine's dairy industry is also very concerned about securing
funding in LePage's biannual budget, which is now under construction. "We need
to make sure there is continuity in this program," she said.

Bickford said there has been no discussion of eliminating the handling fee if
the Appropriations Committee does not fund the tier program.

"That would take on a different tone," she said. "That would cut the legs out
from under the program in the future."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Goshen News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Millrace weed, runoff fixes discussed

BYLINE: Roger Schneider, Goshen News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 904 words


Nov. 14--GOSHEN -- A lot of questions were asked at a public meeting Thursday
night about controlling weeds in the Goshen millrace, a historic waterway that
once powered city factories and is now a linear park.

Becky Hershberger, an employee with the Goshen Community Development Department,
explained to about 70 people at the meeting that weed growth in the millrace
this past summer was noticeably greater than in years past. She said one option
being considered for the future, and not before 2016, is to dose the millrace
with Sonar, a herbicide.

"If we do nothing, it will get worse, the weeds will take over..." she said.

For the five years prior to this year, the millrace water level had been lowered
each summer because of the various redevelopment projects that were underway
along the waterway, Hershberger said. As the millrace dried out, aquatic plants
were greatly reduced. But this summer the millrace was not drained and there was
a marked increase of aquatic weed growth, especially near the Madison Street
bridge.

Jim Donahoe, owner of Aquatic Weed Control in Goshen, said the problem weeds in
the millrace are coontail and duckweed. He said coontail can grow two inches a
day. According to Donahoe, both weeds are coming into the millrace from the dam
pond upstream and are getting unnatural doses of fertilizers due to human
activity, including agriculture runoff.

Donahoe said the millrace would need to have its flow stopped for about 45 days
for the herbicide to work well. And a fall and spring application might be
needed. The spring application would kill the coontail and duckweed and a fall
application would target cattails and other emergent-type plants along the
banks.

He said one application would cost about $10,000 because the herbicide is
expensive.

"We call it liquid gold," he said.

A woman in the audience said the issue involves more than just controlling the
millrace weeds with a herbicide.

"I don't see it returning to its original form until we control agriculture
runoff upstream," she said.

Another woman said she doesn't see the increased weed growth as a problem
because it provides homes for wildlife and fishes, which she enjoys watching.

"I watch so much wildlife," she said, "because they don't seem to be bothered by
the invasive weeds."

Other audience members suggested dredging the millrace to make it deeper and
increasing the flow of water.

City Engineer Dustin Sailor and parks department maintenance supervisor Rich
Kindle both said those options would endanger the banks.

"The level at which it runs now," Kindle said of the water, "is the maximum rate
because we want to preserve the banks."

Sailor said an engineering study on the millrace was conducted a few years ago
and it found the builders used the soil they dug up to create the banks by
piling it up. And the soil used was porous, Sailor said, which has led to the
banks being leak prone.

That study, according to Sailor, also said the sediments in the bottom of the
millrace should be left there because they are actually reinforcing the banks.

The leaks

Leaking banks along the millrace is a more immediate problem, Sailor said, and
it will cost a lot of money to fix them.

Sailor said a leak was discovered last summer at 1245 Wilson Ave. The leak is
being caused by the failure of a wooden box culvert that was placed in the
original bank to allow a creek to flow into the waterway when the millrace was
constructed in the 1880s. In the 1990s that culvert failed and grout was placed
in the hole. Now that patch is also failing.

"That leak will get even more severe," Sailor said because it is washing away
soil.

The Goshen Redevelopment Commission Wednesday set aside $500,000 to fix that one
leak.

Sailor said engineers will design a fix over the winter and it will likely
involve driving sheet piling into the bank.

Hershberger reminded the audience that the earlier engineering study also found
numerous leaks along the west side of the millrace, mostly in Shanklin Park. She
said one leak creates a stream that flows through the park department's
maintenance building.

Options to fix those leaks included driving metal sheet piling into the banks at
the cost of more than $4 million or cutting down all the trees along the bank
and re-sloping the bank to make it wider.

"It is something we are going to have to address in the future," Hershberger
said of the many leaks.

Taxing property owners

Mayor Allan Kauffman, who has a house along the millrace, is in favor of having
financing for annual millrace maintenance come from property owners.

"We understand this is not a 'fix and it will go away,'" he said. "This is a
forever problem."

So, he suggested property owners do like the owners around the dam pond recently
did, and create an economic improvement district to tax themselves.

Kauffman said the tax would amount to about $20 per week per household and the
money raised would be controlled by a board of property owners.

"I think it is reasonable that we who live on the millrace contribute," he said.

Herschberger said the meeting was held to gather ideas and inform city residents
about the millrace problems. She urged people with questions to contact the
city's community development department staff.

Follow Roger's journalist page on Facebook or on Twitter @rschneider_TGN

___ (c)2014 the Goshen News (Goshen, Ind.) Visit the Goshen News (Goshen, Ind.)
at www.goshennews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141114-GW-Millrace-weed-runoff-fixes-discussed-1114-20141114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GW


                           Copyright 2014 Goshen News


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                 July 13, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

DOWN THE YEARSPictures and stories from The Kerryman, July 1991

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 96,97

LENGTH: 1726 words


Reform of CAP means dole for the farmers social implications of getting a Mr.
Brosnan disclosed that the July 1991 SMALL and large Kerry farmers will in
effect be getting a farmers dole from the EC under the proposed changes to the
Common Agricultural Policy, according to Kerry Group MD Denis Brosnan, who says
the social impact on the changes may be more severe than the financial
implications.

Speaking after an EGM of Kerry Group shareholders which approved the acquisition
of Dairyland in the US for £23 million, Mr. Brosnan said that the reformed CAP
proposals could also pose severe cash flow problems for Kerry farmers.

Mr. Brosnan said while actual farm incomes may not drop by a significant amount
in the first years of the agreement, compensation in the form of direct payments
to farmers will have severe social implications. "The social implications of
getting a handout from the EC vis-a-vis getting a proper price for your product
is a concept that many farmers will not agree with," Mr. Brosnan said. What it
will mean in effect is the return of the small farmers dole of 10 years ago
except that larger farmers will now also be getting the payments, he added.

Mr. Brosnan admitted that he is worried that there will be serious delays in
getting EC money through to farmers when the reforms are implemented, as is the
case at present.

"This could result in severe cash flow problems for many farmers and more may
even be forced out of business if the bureaucratic end of things is not sorted
out before April 1992," he added. Mr. Brosnan believes that beef farmers will be
most affected and this will have a knock-on effect for Kerry dairy farmers
selling calves. Speaking at the EGM of Kerry Group, Mr. Brosnan disclosed that
the company is as excited about the acquisition of Dairyland by Kerry Group's
wholly-owned subsidiary Beatreme as it was about the acquisition of Beatreme
itself three years ago. The Kerry Group MD said that the main reason they
acquired Dairyland was to "take out" a major competitor. He said that there was
little or no extra technology acquired from Dairyland.

Beatreme and Dairyland together are far and away the biggest food ingredient
firm in North America now, according .to Mr. Brosnan who estimated that the
Kerry Group-owned companies control some 30 per cent of the US market in some
sectors. The effective merger of the two food ingredients firms, Beatreme and
Dairyland, will result in a far more profitable entity than if the two companies
continued to trade separately, according to Mr. www.Brosnan.No ban on drink at
Rod Stewart Killarney concert July 1991 GARDAI in Killarney are not now expected
to seek an injunction to order a shutdown of all the pubs in the town on the day
of the Rod Stewart concert, following assurances from local publicans that they
will employ extra security to ensure a trouble-free day.

The publicans have made a submission to Killarney Garda Superintendent Michael
Burke pledging to implement strict controls on the sale and consumption of drink
on the July 27 concert day, including a proposal to put security staff on the
doors of all premises and a ban taking drink out on the street.

Vintners' Association chairman Dermot O'Callaghan said this week that the vast
majority of his members are in favour of staging the concert and only six out of
50 had voiced opposition to it. He said the publicans would be totally opposed
to shutting down the pubs for the day.

Mr. O'Callaghan also said the vintners had sought an early meeting with
Superintendent Burke to finalise security arrangements for the day and he added
that he was confident the day would be troublefree.Residents of Upper Lewis
road, adjoining the venue, wrote to Fitzgerald staidum this week seeking
assurance that access to their property will not be blocked and that the area
will be cleaned up immediately after the concert, The Kerryman has learned.

Kerry opposition to Final change July 1991 KERRY delegates attending a special
meeting of the Munster GAA Council in Thurles on Wednesday night were under
strict instructions to oppose any change in either date or venue for the Munster
football final.

Delegates at the meeting will consider problems which have arisen over the
fixing of the Munster hurling final replay for Saturday, July 20 - the day
before the Munster football final in Killamey.

The main problem concerns the unavailability of trains on the Saturday. Efforts
may be made to switch the football final to the Saturday and have the hurling on
the Sunday.

There may also be a proposal to put the football final back to July 28, but
Kerry would then lose the venue as the Rod Stewart concert is being staged in
Fitzgerald Stadium on that date. "Our stand is that we don't want any change in
the football final and we will resist any moves in that direction," County Board
Secretary Anthony O'Keeffe said.

Landowners sell out for Kerry Airport expansion July 1991 THIRTEEN of 18
landowners have agreed on a price to sell their property to Kerry Airport to
allow the £12 million expansion there to proceed.

And despite the passing of a deadline for the completion of land acquisition,
the expansion work is still on schedule to begin before the end of this year,
airport board chairman Denis Brosnan revealed this Wednesday.

Mr. Brosnan said there are "complications" with the remaining landowners who, in
some cases, are seeking landswops.

But he added he is confident that land acquisition will be completed within the
next week to 10 days.

At the Kerry Airport AGM in May, Mr. Brosnan set a 10-day deadline for the
completion of land acquisitions so that work could begin on expanding the
airport's runway and other facilties by the end of this year.

Despite the passing of that deadline, however, he said that co-operation from
the landowners allowed engineers to carry out surveys and drill bore holes on
the 250 acres involved - even though no agreement to sell had been concluded in
some cases.

This has ensured that continual progress is being made on the project, Mr.
Brosnan said.

"In fairness to all the landowners, they let us on to the land to do site
investigation and drill bore holes while negotiations were going on.

"We haven't been held up in any way," Mr. Brosnan told The Kerrvman.

An initial offer to the landowners of £6,000 per acre had been increased to
between £7.000 and £10,000 before agreement was reached with the 13.

Mr. Brosnan said the price differential arose because in some cases the purchase
of the land would mean putting those who sold most out of business while for
others it was only a minor infringement on their lots. The agreement reached
with the 13 is for an option for the airport board to buy the land.

Cronin calls for inquiry into letters delay July 1991 A DEMAND for a public
inquiry was this week made by independent Kerry County Councillor PJ Cronin,
following claims by him that 160 letters sent to constituents in St. Columbanus
Home in Killarney 13 days before the local elections, were not received until
four days after polling day.

. Cronin wrote this week to Southern Health Board chief executive Denis Dudley
and the head postmaster of Killamey Post Office demanding an explanation.

Mr. Dudley was unavailable for comment this Wednesday but The Kerryman
understands that an investigation is to be launched by the Southern Health
Board, following receipt of Cllr. Cronin's letter. There was no spokesperson
available either at St. Columbanus' Home.

Cllr. Cronin claims to have posted the letters - which contained his election
material - on June 14 at 3pm.

He says he put a 28p stamp on each of the envelopes at a total cost of almost
£45.

He says he has subsequently discovered that the letters had a June 14 postmark,
but the patients did not receive them until 17 days later.

He called on Mr. Dudley and the Killamey postmaster to clarify the matter,
asking on what date the 160 letters were delivered to the home.

"I have called on the CEO of the Health Board for an immediate public inquiry
concerning this very serious and grave affair.

"I demand the truth be told and I will persist until I find the truth," said
Cllr. Cronin.

Maeve Spring not to run in South Kerry July 1991 NEWLY-ELECTED County Councillor
Maeve Spring, a sister of Labour Party leader Dick Spring, this week declared
that she is not interested in contesting the next Dail election for the party in
South Kerry, despite the fact that her current base covers much of the
constituency.

But Breeda Moynihan, who was also elected for the first time to the County
Council and who is a daughter of sitting South Kerry Labour Deputy Michael
Moynihan, says she is available to stand if she is selected by convention.

Now Labour is expected to formulate a strategy to broaden its support base in
the South Kerry constituency, following the announcement that Fine Gael will be
revamping its organisation in the area in a bid to regain the seat lost by
Michael Begley in the June '89 election. That strategy will contain contingency
plans in the event of Michael Moynihan - now 73 - announcing his retirement on
or before the next election, according to party sources. Meanwhile, defeated
Labour candidate Mick Gleeson is still considering his next move following what
he describes as his "unfair" treatment by the party in insisting on two
candidates in the local elections. He blames this move for the loss of his seat.

Maeve Spring told The Kerryman this week that she will now concentrate on
assisting Labour in South Kerry to broaden its support base for whoever will be
the party's candidate in the next Dail election.

"I had a gamble to run in that constituency and it paid off," said Ms Spring.
"Now I am a councillor in one party of the South Kerry constituency and Breeda
Moynihan is a councillor in another and I would be hoping that between us would
build up a strong Labour base there."

Park Hotel in line for award THE Park Hotel in Kenmare has been named as one of
seven finalists for a National Enterprise Award.

The Park was chosen from 25 nominations for the Junior Chamber Dublin Enterprise
Award 1991 sponsored by Ernst and Young. The winner will be announced in Jury's
Hotel on Monday, July 29.

The Park's General Manager, Francis Brennan took over complete control of the
hotel in 1986.

Since then, he has organised the refinancing of the hotel and completed a £l.4m
refurbishment.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tralee Golf Club ladies team who won a thrilling final against
Castletroy in the Munster Intermediate Ladies Golf League at Mallow. From left
Deirdre McElligott, Cora O'Mahony, Veronica Blennerhassett (Lady Captain), Maura
Shanahan, Ann Morrissey and Maura O'Brien. Pic: Gareth O'Sullivan.The Kerry
contestants pose for a photograph with Festival of Kerry's Dave Condon and
Seamus O'Halloran prior to the competition this weekend.This group of musicians
practice for the forthcoming Kerry Fleadh Cheoil to be held in Tarbert.Tralee
First Holy Communicants pose for a photograph this week after their big day last
Saturday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

CHINA'S BANK SYSTEM MAY IMPEDE REFORMS

                          October 31, 1984, Wednesday

Donald Shoultz


Chinese economists fear the country's outdated banking system could delay
recently announced economic reforms if it is not restructured more quickly.

The economic reforms, which aim to ease rigid state control, affect the nation's
industrial and agricultural sectors, allowing individuals and firms more freedom
of choice. But the Chinese banking system is still not capable of handling the
increased monetary flows that the reforms will create, Western economists and
bankers in Peking told Reuters news service.

At the lowest level, a farmer living in one province is now allowed to sell his
produce in an adjoining province. But that farmer cannot expect such banking
services as checking accounts or letters of credit. At the national level, the
lack of a central clearing system will seriously hamper the smooth flow of
domestic and foreign trading.

A delegate to a recent forum for Chinese financial experts said that the
nation's four specialized banks ''each monopolize one corner of China's banking
business. Capital flow is blocked.''

China already has started to reform its banking system, first by restructuring
areas of responsibility. At the top is the People's Bank of China, which acts as
a central bank, controlling monetary policy, issuing notes, and policing the
rest of the system.

The bank's former role as creditor for the industrial sector has now been taken
over by a new bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. The
Agricultural Bank of China and the People's Construction Bank deal with the
other main sectors of the economy. The Bank of China is the country's window to
foreign financial markets.

The jealously guarded division of business between the specialist banks is
breaking down, but foreign bankers say it is still difficult to get any
cooperation within the system, let alone organize joint banking projects.  There
is also some infighting between the central bank and the more internationally
minded Bank of China.

People's Bank deputy president Qu Qing has announced a major new credit and
funds management system starting next year. The main points of the new system
reflect the fundamental modernization required to implement the dramatic changes
in the country's economy. Bank branches will be able to transfer money freely
among themselves, assess credit ratings, and swap money among accounts. People's
Bank also will lower its reserve requirements, making more funds available for
lending.

Summing up the problems facing Chinese bankers, a People's Bank official
recently said, ''Our country is big. There will be no way to determine whether a
personal check is valid nor not. Besides, we are still improving financial
facilities for enterprises that buy and sell in large quantities. Personal
checks can wait.''

Apparently some bankers disagree. Industrial and Commercial Bank recently
introduced personal checking accounts, according to a Peking newspaper. The bank
has opened 87 such accounts for ''scientists, doctors, and intellectuals''
living in Shanghai's Xuhui district. A minimum balance of about $115 is
required, and checks are honored at stores and restaurants in the district, the
newspaper said. The bank said it plans to expand the service throughout Shanghai
next year.

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL BRIEFING; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 543 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1984 American Banker, Inc.


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday

Businesses are now entering the Green Economy...

LENGTH: 983  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, June 10 -- Green economics is the economics of the real world-the world
of work, human needs, the Earth's materials, and how they mesh together most
harmoniously.

It is primarily about "use value", not "exchange value" or money. It is about
quality, not quantity, for the sake of it. It is about regeneration of
individuals, communities, and ecosystems not about accumulation of either money
or material. The industrial or capitalist definition of wealth has always been
about the accumulation of money and matter.

Any use values generated (i.e. social needs met) have been secondary a
side-effect, by-product, spin-off, or trickle-down to the primary goal of
monetary accumulation. For two centuries, the quest to accumulate money or
capital drove a powerful industrialization process that actually did spin off
many human benefits, however unfairly distributed. But blind material and
monetary growth has reached a threshold where it is generating more destruction
than real wealth. A post-industrial world requires an economics of quality,
where both money and matter are returned to a status of means to an end. Green
economics means a direct focus on meeting human and environmental needs.
Tinkering with money, interest rates, or even state regulation is insufficient
in creating sensible economies. One can scarcely imagine a more inefficient,
irrational and wasteful way to organize any sector of the economy than what we
actually have right now. Both the form and the content of sustainable
agriculture, of green manufacturing of soft energy, etc., are diametrically
opposed to their current industrial counterparts, which are intrinsically
wasteful. There is no justifiable rationale to be producing vast quantities of
toxic materials, or generating more deskilled than skilled labour, or displacing
labour rather than resources from production, or extending giant wasteful loops
of production and consumption through globalization. These are economic
inefficiencies and economic irrationalities that can only be righted by starting
from scratch to look at the most elegant and efficient ways of doing everything.
As green economist Paul Hawken writes, our social and environmental crises are
not problems of management, but of design. We need a system overhaul. Green
economics is not just about the environment. Certainly we must move to harmonize
with natural systems, to make our economies flow benignly like sailboats in the
wind of ecosystem processes. But doing this requires great human creativity,
tremendous knowledge, and the widespread participation of everyone. Human beings
and human workers can no longer serve as cogs in the machine of accumulation, be
it capitalistic or socialistic. Ecological development requires an unleashing of
human development and an extension of democracy. Social and ecological
transformation goes hand in hand. Green economics and green politics both
emphasize the creation of positive alternatives in all areas of life and every
sector of the economy. Green economics does not prioritize support for either
the "public" or the "private" sector. It argues that both sectors must be
transformed so that markets express social and ecological values, and the state
becomes merged with grass roots networks of community innovation. For this to
happen, new economic processes must be designed and new rules of the game
written, so that incentives for ecological conduct are built into everyday
economic life. The state can then function less as a policeman and more as a
coordinator. This is a very different kind of "self-regulation" than current
profit- and power-driven market forces. The basis for self-regulation in a green
economy would be community and intelligent design, which provides incentives for
the right things. Ten principles of a Green Economy: *The Primacy of Use Value,
Intrinsic Value, and Quality: This is the fundamental principle of the green
economy as a service economy, focused on end-use, or human and environmental
needs. Matter is a means to the end of satisfying real need, and can be
radically conserved. Money similarly must be returned to a status as a means to
facilitate regenerative exchanges, rather than an end in itself. When this is
done in even a significant portion of the economy, it can undercut the
totalitarian power of money in the entire economy. *Following Natural Flows: The
economy moves like a proverbial sailboat in the wind of natural processes by
flowing not only with solar, renewable, and "negawatt" energy, but also with
natural hydrological cycles, with regional vegetation and food webs, and with
local materials. As society becomes more ecological, political and economic
boundaries tend to coincide with ecosystem boundaries. That is, it becomes
bioregional. *Waste Equals Food: In nature there is no waste, as every process
output is an input for some other process. This principle implies not only a
high degree of organizational complementarities, but also that outputs and
by-products are nutritious and non-toxic enough to be food for something.
*Elegance and Multifunctionality: Complex food webs are implied by the previous
principle integrated relationships which are antithetical to industrial
society's segmentation and fragmentation. What Roberts and Brandum (1995) call
"economics with peripheral vision," this elegance features "problem-solving
strategies that develop multiple wins and positive side-effects from any one set
of actions." *Appropriate Scale/Linked Scale: This does not simply mean "small
is beautiful," but that every regenerative activity has its most appropriate
scale of operation. Even the smallest activities have larger impacts, however,
and truly ecological activity "integrates design across multiple scales,"
reflecting influence of larger on smaller and smaller on larger.Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2009 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            August 28, 2008 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Going to ground;
WATERSHED - SPECIAL REPORT

BYLINE: Darren Gray

SECTION: NEWS; Analysis & Debate; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 2002 words


As dams and rivers dry up, many farmers are seeking water from deep underground.

But are we tapping too much? Darren Gray reports.

IN PORTLAND it keeps the town afloat. From 1.4 kilometres underground, via two
bores on the edge of town, it rushes to the surface crystal clear, pure and
virtually ready to drink. At 60 degrees this water is then cooled, chlorinated
and added to the local drinking supply.

The abundant groundwater underneath the town means that when Portland residents
turn on the tap out comes 100% pure groundwater. It hasn't been collected on the
surface, stored in dams, nor run through a filtration plant - because nature has
already done the work.

The groundwater ensures Portland residents have drinking water, industry can
function, Timboon dairy farmers can grow pasture and Melburnians can have a
shower when they visit their Port Fairy holiday house. Port Fairy's water could
in fact be tens of thousands of years old - but who cares about use-by-dates!

At nearby Warrnambool out of the tap flows a much younger "shandy". The town's
water supply is a mix of 90% reservoir water derived from the Otways, and 10%
groundwater. The towns are just two of 60 in the state that drink groundwater.

Grant Green, managing director of local water authority Wannon Water, says about
40% of the drinking water consumed in Victoria's south-west corner is
groundwater.

Wannon Water is home to 10 groundwater systems and 73,000 people. It obtains
groundwater under licence from Southern Rural Water, whose job it is to monitor
a groundwater balance containing three key variables: demand, supply and
licensed groundwater entitlement allocations. Fortunately for Wannon Water and
its customers this equation is positive, as the region uses less than 70% of its
annual permitted groundwater entitlement. Green sums it up this way: "The
south-west is relatively water rich."

If only the groundwater picture was this simple elsewhere.

About 470 kilometres north of Portland, on the Murray River, the equation is
very different. On the coast the key issue is managing drinking-quality
groundwater deep below, but the Mallee's challenge is managing groundwater that
is close to or on the surface, and more salty than seawater.

"Nearly 100% of the groundwater within the Mallee is salty as buggery," says
Glen Sutherland, manager of the Mallee Catchment Management Authority's water
resources unit. "A lot of the work we do in the Mallee is keeping the fresh/salt
balance apart. So it's dealing with salinity issues that arise from groundwater
discharge either into the river or into wetlands, or where it might be ...
rising through the landscape, causing havoc. So it's a major risk."

Rising salty groundwater is a threat to the environment and agriculture. To
combat problems caused by salinity and protect the Murray, groundwater is pumped
from bores next to the river via pipes into large shallow basins to evaporate
the water and collect the salt. This prevents 219 tonnes of salt entering the
Murray everyday around Mildura.

Despite some baffling jargon groundwater is simply underground water. It is
pervasive, nationwide no matter how hot and dry the area. It lies in aquifers in
gaps in rocks, gravel and sand. Some aquifers are just a few metres below
ground, others more than one kilometre down.

Some lie in gravel in prehistoric riverbeds. Like surface rivers some flow, but
only at a glacial pace. It is generally more salty than surface water, so
whether it can be used depends on its quality. Some bores produce water suitable
for human consumption, others for livestock and some for irrigating crops,
gardens or flushing toilets. Some is too salty for use. Some aquifers replenish
rapidly, and some do not - which means the latter aquifers are effectively
"mined" like gold.

Preventing over-use of aquifers is crucial, because they are as important in the
overall water cycle as rivers, streams and even rainfall. If aquifers were to be
over-pumped and left unmanaged, river flows would be slashed and the ground
above aquifers could sink.

Without groundwater the Yarra River's flows, for instance, would be reduced and
Melbourne's dams would be lower. In some cases aquifers leak into rivers and in
others, rivers leak into aquifers. The same river can do both.

Late in 2006, seven Australian groundwater experts made a tough assessment of
the national groundwater situation. Their report said groundwater resources were
in a crisis that had been "20 years in the making". The resources were "not
being effectively managed".

"It is clear that many of our groundwater resources are over-used. As such
groundwater levels continue to fall past acceptable levels and this is clearly
not sustainable. There seems to be little will to address this vital matter and
arguments of adverse economic impacts abound. Reducing groundwater use to
sustainable levels, must be a key national priority," they wrote.

The paper sounds a number of warnings, including, that all groundwater should be
properly priced and all groundwater use, except low-yielding stock and domestic
use, should be licensed and large users metered. It also notes that
opportunities exist to store stormwater in aquifers during times of excess, for
later use; and "effective management of groundwater can't be achieved with the
current organisational arrangements within Government".

While some criticism was damning, a succinct concluding comment illustrates how
mixed the situation is: "Groundwater offers a serious new water resource in some
parts of Australia, while in other parts it is over-developed and in need of
greatly improved management."

Professor of hydrogeology at Flinders University, Craig Simmons, was one of the
authors. He says groundwater management has improved over the past five years
but there's still "miles to go".

The biggest groundwater challenge now, he says, is ensuring that aquifers are
not over-extracted. And he wants groundwater use to be as well regulated as
surface water use.

"Often what's not understood is that when you stand at some rivers and lakes and
look at them, what you're seeing there isn't just a surface water thing, but
some of that water in many cases is coming from groundwater," he says. "If we
over-pump the adjacent aquifer, and lower the water tables, it's possible that
in some cases - and there are examples of this certainly overseas - where
streams can run dry due to just over-pumping."

The latest statewide snapshot of groundwater is in the State Water Report
2005-06. It reveals 366 billion litres of groundwater were used in 05-06, down
from 401 billion litres the previous year. However, the 2004-05 figure is likely
to have over-stated use because of a stronger reliance on estimates. While 366
billion litres of groundwater is a lot, it needs to be balanced against another
important number - 880 billion. This is how many litres in total irrigators,
non-agricultural industries and towns were licensed to use in 2005-06. They
therefore used less than 42% of the annual groundwater entitlement.

The biggest user of Victorian groundwater is irrigated agriculture, which uses
it to water orchards and grow crops and pasture etc.

People with "stock and domestic" bores are different users. They use less than
irrigators and are managed differently. These bores are not metered and there
are many of them - an estimated 80,000 in Victoria, which generate about 2
million litres of water per bore per year.

Under state legislation owners of domestic and stock bores don't pay ongoing
consumption costs for this water, which on farms is used to give livestock a
drink and inside farmhouses run showers, washing machines and flush toilets. But
"stock and domestic" users pay a large fee to obtain a bore construction licence
from a rural water authority and face big drilling costs, estimated at $150 to
$180 per metre.

The 05-06 state report estimates domestic and stock use for 22,318 bores at 41
billion litres for the year. By way of comparison, Melbourne's top 200 water
users alone used almost 40 billion litres of the city's pure drinking water that
year.

The State Water Report identified six key emerging groundwater management
issues: drought has increased the need for groundwater to augment urban
supplies; needs of domestic and stock users must be balanced with agriculture
and other industrial users; more price hikes are likely; improved management of
groundwater licence conditions is necessary; better rules are needed for
groundwater allocation and trading; and, more investment is needed to better
understand groundwater's role in "Victoria's water cycle".

The latest Government monitoring report also illustrates pressures. Seven key
Victorian groundwater systems are described as being at their "lowest (level) on
record and falling" as at May 2008. A further seven are described as being
"below average (level) and falling". Three others are "below average and stable
or rising".

These assessments perhaps aren't quite as grave as they sound. Some of these
systems lie underneath irrigation districts, so a lower aquifer level prevents
salinity problems. All have management plans to manage their levels.

But Goulburn-Murray Water's groundwater manager Matt Barden says there has been
a "sharp increase" in demand for bores since 2006-07. "People that have
historically had good access to surface water dams are now looking at ensuring
their supply through a domestic and stock bore," he says.

"Obviously the ongoing drought is seeing surface water systems dry up, or have
less reliability, and that is increasing the pressure on the groundwater
resources. So with that comes pressures on licensing, and ensuring that people
that are seeking to go ahead with a groundwater licence aren't interfering on
other people that already have a licence in place."

Overlaying the authority's groundwater management is the "S" word -
sustainability. "We are looking at long-term sustainability, and ensuring that
the aquifer isn't extracted past a certain point," Barden says.

Campbell Fitzpatrick, executive director of water entitlements and strategies at
the Department of Sustainability and Environment, says groundwater in Victoria
"isn't plentiful. It is a relatively small proportion of the total volume of
water used, but in some parts of the state it's very important, particularly in
the south-west."

The state's 2500 observation bores and metering data are used to monitor
groundwater levels. The department also uses aquifer geology, soil and rainfall
data to estimate how much water gets into an aquifer each year, or "the
recharge".

Fitzpatrick says the Victorian system is being competently managed, but there
are challenges.

"Groundwater extraction has to be licensed, it has to be metered. Money is
collected from groundwater users to pay for the administration of the system.
We're spending money on things like the state observation bore network. We're
spending money on management plans," he says.

Asked if we are using groundwater in a sustainable way in Victoria, he says:
"For the majority of areas we are, but there are a few hot spots where we
probably aren't. Particularly when you take into account the impacts of climate
change."

Digging Deep

- Groundwater lies in aquifers in gaps in rocks, gravel and sand underground.
Some aquifers are just a few metres below the surface, others more than one
kilometre down.

- About half of the total flow of perennial rivers in Australia is because of
groundwater.

- Groundwater is a significant contributor to the water levels in Melbourne's
dams.

- About 60 Victorian towns use groundwater for their drinking supply, some using
exclusively groundwater.

- Victoria has an estimated 80,000 domestic and stock bores for groundwater, but
it is believed some are not in use.

- Victoria used an estimated 366 billion litres of groundwater in 2005-06 - only
42% of entitlements.

SOURCES: Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment; Dr Gavin Mudd,
Monash University; Associate Professor Andrew Western, Melbourne University;
CSIRO.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: MICHAEL WHITEHEAD; MAP: VICTORIA'S GROUNDWATER BASINS.
SOURCE: DSE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 17, 1998 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

State seeks aid for the frost zone

BYLINE: BEN MITCHELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 318 words


The State Government will seek special Commonwealth assistance for
frost-affected farmers in Victoria's north after lifting the estimated financial
impact of the freeze to between $800 million and $1billion.

The Agriculture Minister and Deputy Premier, Mr Pat McNamara, said the state
would lodge a claim for "exceptional circumstances" assistance after a night of
sub-zero temperatures last month wiped out $200 million of crops in the Wimmera.

After visiting the region at the weekend, Mr McNamara said the state believed
the flow-on effects from the freeze could be as high as $1 billion.

"Every furniture store was relying on a new lounge suite, restaurants and car
dealerships expected sales, let alone those businesses directly involved in
rural business, like farm machinery suppliers," Mr McNamara said.

"If you anticipate $200 million not being spent in the Wimmera and then those
businesses that get that trade (not) spending their share of the $200 million,
before the money leaves that area you might have a multiple that pushes you up
to between $800 million and $1 billion."

The claim for exceptional circumstances assistance, which includes low-interest
loans, household-support payments, counselling services and subsidised education
for affected farmers, will be lodged after the federal Agriculture Minister, Mr
Mark Vaile, visits the Wimmera this week.

The State Government estimates that between 60 per cent and 70 per cent of the
Wimmera's wheat and grain crops were destroyed in the six-hour freeze on 28
October when temperatures dropped as low as minus seven.

Farmers growing peas, chickpeas, beans and lentils have lost about 90 per cent
of their crops, according to the Government estimates. The freeze also destroyed
about 40 per cent of the canola crop.

Mr McNamara will also meet the banks to discuss the crisis and try to ensure
that affected farmers are given "breathing space" to cope.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1998 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 1, 1990 Friday

Ottawa commits $238-million for Saskatchewan farmers

BYLINE: DREW FAGAN; GAM

LENGTH: 565 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY DREW FAGAN
The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
    Saskatchewan farmers suffering through a growing season plagued by
drought and low prices will receive about $5 an acre in federal assistance
under a package announced yesterday.

The $238.3-million in aid from Ottawa, which is aimed at grain and
oilseed growers, should be flowing within about six weeks, Saskatchewan
Premier Grant Devine said. His province is adding $119.1-million to the
cause.

The agreement brings to an end a two-month battle between the
Saskatchewan and federal governments over how the assistance should be
structured.

Agriculture Minister Donald Mazankowski originally insisted that
federal aid for Prairie farmers would only flow if Ottawa's money was
matched by the provinces.

But, Saskatechewan had balked at the cost and claimed help for farmers
should be more of a federal responsibility because much of their problems
have been caused by international grain price wars.

At a meeting two weeks ago, all the provincial agriculture ministers
agreed Saskatchewan should be given special treatment because of the
particularly tough conditions there. Net farm income in the province is
expected to be about 80 per cent lower than last year.

Under the plan announced yesterday, Ottawa and the Saskatchewan
government will share farm aid by two-thirds, one-third, respectively.

To accomplish that, Saskatchewan agreed to provide farmers with an
extra $39.1-million, in addition to previously announced programs worth
about $80-million.

"We made concessions with Saskatchewan in conjunction with the advice
of all provincial agriculture ministers," said Tom Van Dusen, an aide to
Mr. Mazankowski. "We're happy that, over all, we got a fairly good shake."

Earlier this week, the federal government announced it was earmarking
$89-million for Alberta farmers and $35.2-million for Ontario farmers,
under aid packages that will see those provinces roughly match Ottawa's
money.

The specifics of the financing for Manitoba and Quebec are expected to
be announced soon, after remaining loose ends are tied up. Manitoba is
eligible for up to $62.6-million in federal aid and Quebec can receive up
to $24.5-million.

(Most of the other provinces, which have little grain farming, will  receive
less than $1-million each.)     Mr. Devine told reporters yesterday that more
aid for farmers may be  needed in the fall if grain prices remain low because of
the price war  between the United States and the European Community.

But Mr. Mazankowski said improvements in crop insurance and the design
of a long-term safety net program for farmers should soon make unnecessary
ad hoc emergency assistance.

Saskatchewan farm organizations had hoped to get the federal aid prior
to spring seeding so that farmers could limit the need to take on new debt
at high interest rates.

"The delay has caused problems, but we are pleased that the agreement
has finally been put together," said Leroy Larsen, a vice-president of the
Saskatchewan Wheat Pool. "I think there will still be a necessity to go
back for further assistance (in the fall). . . . The price we are
receiving for our production is totally inadequate to cover the costs of
operations."

On another topic, Mr. Mazankowski said Soviet President Mikhail
Gorbachev had indicated during his visit to Ottawa this week that the
Soviet Union was keen to renew its five-year grain purchase agreement with
Canada, which expires next year.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday
                                 Second Edition

Farmers call for an end to aid stand-off;
RURAL CRISIS

SECTION: MAI; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 379  words


Farmers have lashed out as red tape and a stand-off between the State and
Federal governments stall multimillion-dollar aid packages announced with great
fanfare last month.

It appears no money from a $60  million Federal package and a $7.8 million State
package will flow to WA farmers for at least two months and possibly much
longer.

The State emergency package  announced two weeks ago had up  until Tuesday
attracted 43 applications for operational grants of up to $25,000 from a $5
million pool.

There has been just one inquiry about exit grants of up to $20,000 from the
State's pool of $1 million for farmers trying to leave the industry amid claims
the eligibility criteria are too narrow.

WAFarmers warned yesterday that nothing from either package would be available
until July at the earliest based on its feedback from State  Government
officials.

Federal Agriculture Minister Joe Ludwig said the only thing stopping the $60
million concessional loans package reaching farmers before  July was the State
Government, which is required to administer the scheme.

WA Agriculture Minister Ken  Baston's office said it was waiting for formal
confirmation on key aspects of the scheme from Senator Ludwig.

Two key sticking points  an undertaking from the Commonwealth to meet
administration costs and to take responsibility for unpaid loans   appeared to
be cleared up last week  after a meeting between Senator  Ludwig and Mr Baston.

Senator Ludwig emailed a letter to Mr Baston yesterday saying the Wheatbelt was
at a critical stage and the issues too important to delay.

He called on Mr Baston to make him aware of any outstanding issues  immediately
so they could work  together to resolve them.

Mr Baston said he had already made it clear to Senator Ludwig that the State
Government was keen to roll out the loans as soon as possible, but would not be
signing blank cheques with the Commonwealth.

WAFarmers president Dale Park said the big losers from the situation were
desperate farmers who had been led to believe much-needed help would reach them
much sooner.

The State doesn't seem to want to do anything and the Federal Government keeps
saying the money is there, Mr Park said.

We just want to get things moving because the hope that was put out there is
evaporating.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                            February 25, 2005 Friday

Lobby group says GM crops can co-exist with P.E.I. farming

BYLINE: Thibodeau, Wayne

SECTION: THE PROVINCE; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 590  words


A lobby group for genetically modified crops says GM crops can co-exist with
traditional and organic farming in Prince Edward Island.

Denise Dewar, executive director of CropLife Canada, made her pitch to P.E.I.
MLAs to ensure GM groups are not banned in Canada's smallest province.

Dewar's presentation to the legislative standing committee studying whether
P.E.I. should be GM-free was one of the first to promote the benefits of
genetically modified crops.

During a splashy computer presentation, Dewar went through the regulatory and
safety procedures in place for genetically modified crops, some of which are not
approved for more than a decade after more than $150 million is spent on
research and development.

Dewar also pointed out that GM crops are the way of the future, adding that
farmers are voting with their harvesters, planting more and more GM crops every
year.

In 1996, about four million acres of GM crops were planted in Canada.

That has increased to 200 million acres in 2004.

Canada primarily grows GM canola, corn and soy.

"We've been co-existing together just fine," Dewar said.

"You will have conventional in your organic, you will have organic in your
conventional, you will have biotech in your organic - that's the nature of the
biology and so you have to allow for that."

Dewar said nobody should worry about this because it's been going on for quite
some time.

"It's not about product or crop safety. It's about production and marketing of
crops that are approved for use. Biotech crops are approved by Health Canada and
the CFIA (Canadian Food Inspection Agency) as are organic crops, as are
conventional crops, and we can all co-exist because we are safe.

"Can P.E.I. have it all? I think the answer is absolutely, P.E.I. can have it
all."

CropLife Canada is an industry association that promotes developers of GM
agriculture. The organizations include companies from the Co-op to Dupont,
Pioneer and Syngenta.

But not everybody supported Dewar's notion that GM crops can co- exist with
traditional and organic farming.

A handful of promoters of organic farming shook their heads when Dewar explained
that there is a five per cent threshold for non- organic ingredients like
chemical pesticides or GM-crops.

Renata Brillinger of the group Californians for GE-Free Agriculture, said that's
simply not the case. Brillinger made a presentation after Dewar earlier this
week.

"In the United States, under relatively new national organic standards, there is
no threshold," said Brillinger.

"It is zero tolerance."

As Brillinger made her case, it was Dewar who was shaking her head in
disapproval.

"We know that pollen from organic crops flows into conventional crops and pollen
from conventional crops and GM crops flows into organic crops, we know that,"
said Dewar. "There is no safety concerns there because all of these crops have
been approved for food and environmental safety."

P.E.I. grows about 915 acres of organic crops worth about $590, 000. Meanwhile,
about 200 acres of GM canola seed was worth $1.2 million in P.E.I., Dewar said.

Dewar said GM technology can help P.E.I. She said one of her member companies
has mapped the genome for late blight in potatoes which she said will result in
a remedy for a problem that can cost P.E.I. farmers big money.

"Through genetic techniques, they've been able to sequence the genome of the
disease late blight so that will very much help find good crop protection
methods whether it's through biotechnology or other methods now that we know the
sequence of the genome of the disease."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Denise Dewar, left, of CropLife Canada and a proponent of genetically
engineered foods, listens as Renata Brillinger of Californians for GE-Free
Agriculture. They both made presentations Wednesday at the standing committee on
agriculture and environment.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 11, 2010 Monday

Many Dadu areas unable to cultivate Rabi crops

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: DADU


DADU, Oct. 11 -- The fate of Rabi crops stands in doldrums as many talukas are
still inundated with flood water, making it impossible for farmers to prepare
their land for cultivation. Rabi season is days away as it begins from 15th of
this month and the land would not be dried up before six months, said growers
and irrigation officials.

Water up to 10 feet is standing in agriculture fields of Mehar, Khairpur Nathan
Shah, Johi and Sehwan Sharif leaving no options for farmers to cultivate
anything. The DCO Dadu, Mohammad Iqbal Memon said that the standing crops on
more than 224,589 acres came under water when floodwater from Torhi bund breach
began entering into Dadu district from Dhamrah Wah of Mehar taluka after August
20, while over 561,861 acres and 280,60 villages were affected.

The slow-paced discharge of floodwater into the Indus is another quandary for
farmers.

Johi, previously took lead in providing wheat to the Food Department in every
procurement season but now it is unable to even produce the commodity for itself
as 11 of its union councils were still under water, said a grower Ghulam Ali
Shahani adding that slow fall of water into the river would take at least
another six months to clear fields.

Railway tracks and Sehwan-Bhan Syedabad section highway were major hurdles in
the smooth flow of water into the river and any cuts would accelerate flow, he
said.

Calling for immediate plugging of breaches in Main Nara Valley drain, he said
that parts of Johi, Mehar, Khairpur Nathan Shah talukas would again come under
water if flow in drain reached 3,000 cusecs.

Mohammad Omer Jamali of Small Growers Association said that there were no
chances of growing wheat, sugarcane and vegetables in this Rabi season which
would create shortages and would be a second blow to farmers whose Kharif crops
were first washed away by the floods.

However, Engineer Irrigation Department Dadu, Habibullah Chandio has said that
crops would be cultivated on land which is safe from water.

Water supply to Johi remained suspended because its command area was flooded, he
added.

Growers of Dadu, Johi, Mehar, Kairpur Nathan Shah and Sehwan talukas would get
agriculture loans, said State Minister for Food and Agriculture Rafiq Ahmed
Jamali as Zarai Tariqyati Bank has been directed to release loans to growers on
easy installment and a list would be provided to it soon. A scheme would be
launched for providing tractors and tubewells to farmers on low price and easy
installments and a summary will be sent to Prime Minister for providing free of
cost seed and fertilizers to affected farmers, he added.

He said that a large number of wheat bags were available with the Food
Department and these would be given to chakki owners once there was any shortage
of these.

Growers of Sehwan Sharif used to produce wheat and vegetables in Rabi season by
taking water from Dadu canal and small channels originating from the Manchchar
Lake but this time around they would not, as 10 feet deep water is still
standing in union councils of Dal, Channa, Talti, Bubak and Sehwan-I in the east
of Manchchar.

Former nazim, Channa Union Council, Syed Ghulam Hadi Shah said that one breach
in Manchhar Lake, eight in the lake embankment and one in the MNV Drain were yet
not plugged hence floodwater was still flowing to the agriculture land of taluka
Sehwan Sharif from the Indus Link drain to ring bund around Sehwan Sharif town.

Though land in katcha area along the Indus is now cultivable but farmers'
insolvency doesn't allow them to hire tractors for leveling land or purchase
seed.

Allah Bux Siyal of Siyal village in katcha area lost his wheat seed stock in
floodwater and though water level is decreasing but he has no money to replenish
his seed stock Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 4, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 564 words


FARGO (AP) -- At the First State Bank of Arthur, vice president Brian Strommen
hasn't relied on a farmer's equipment or land as collateral for an operating
loan since the 1980s. That changed this year. At the Goose River Bank 40 miles
away in Hillsboro, branch president Curt Kaufman also is letting farmers put up
tractors or tracts of land as collateral for farm loans -- again for the first
time in more than a decade. ""We've taken the approach that we're going to work
with our borrowers as much as possible to get through what we hope is a
short-term problem,'' Kaufman said. ""For many, an equity loan like this has
become the only option.'' With no rebound in sight for small grain prices, a
growing number of farmers cannot show lenders they will make money this year.

Without a projected positive cash flow, most lenders -- even the federal Farm
Service Agency -- can't approve traditional operating loans, which rely on the
income made from the crop to repay the loan. It has led bankers like Kaufman and
Strommen to revisit ""equity-based'' loans, where farmers agree to put up the
equity they have in land or machinery for additional cash to operate another
year. Last year, Strommen didn't have a single such loan out with a farmer. This
year, he estimates equity loans make up half his lending portfolio with farmers.
In Hillsboro, Kaufman said about one-third of his loans to farmers this year
involve collateral up front. Farm equity loans have a bitter history in the
Midwest. They were commonplace in the 1980s, but both banks and farmers paid
dearly when the loans went bad. Inflated land values at the time the loans were
taken out plummeted by the time banks came collecting. By then, the land they
held as collateral was virtually worthless. But lenders today say the conditions
that led to those problems are gone, and they are comfortable issuing equity
loans again -- but only as a short-term solution. ""As long as you look at this
as temporary, then it doesn't necessarily concern me,'' Kaufman said. ""I think
everyone recognizes that positive cash flows simply aren't going to be there for
a lot of farmers this year, and they need another temporary option for loans.''
""In the 1980s, we were in a period of significant inflation, the value of real
estate was out of line,'' added Strommen, who also is chairman of the North
Dakota Bankers Association's agriculture committee. ""Today, that's not the
case, and I think lenders and farmers realize that.'' Equity loans, Strommen
said, are an option his bank extends to producers who believe they have enough
capital to survive in the long term, even if they can't show a positive cash
flow for the coming year. ""When we sit down and do the loan interview, we look
at where the farmers are at today financially, what the obligations are going to
be for the coming year and then we lay out the options,'' Strommen said. ""For
some, an equity loan is an option.'' Roger Monson, president of Citizen State
Bank of Finley and president of the state Bankers Association, said he, too, is
approving equity loans to some farmers this year. ""We're comfortable with it,''
he said. ""This time around, lenders and borrowers both are very aware of the
risks of collateral lending, or equity lending. We all view it probably more as
a stopgap measure and recognize that this is not something we can do
indefinitely.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 4, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 564 words


FARGO (AP) -- At the First State Bank of Arthur, vice president Brian Strommen
hasn't relied on a farmer's equipment or land as collateral for an operating
loan since the 1980s. That changed this year. At the Goose River Bank 40 miles
away in Hillsboro, branch president Curt Kaufman also is letting farmers put up
tractors or tracts of land as collateral for farm loans -- again for the first
time in more than a decade. ""We've taken the approach that we're going to work
with our borrowers as much as possible to get through what we hope is a
short-term problem,'' Kaufman said. ""For many, an equity loan like this has
become the only option.'' With no rebound in sight for small grain prices, a
growing number of farmers cannot show lenders they will make money this year.

Without a projected positive cash flow, most lenders -- even the federal Farm
Service Agency -- can't approve traditional operating loans, which rely on the
income made from the crop to repay the loan. It has led bankers like Kaufman and
Strommen to revisit ""equity-based'' loans, where farmers agree to put up the
equity they have in land or machinery for additional cash to operate another
year. Last year, Strommen didn't have a single such loan out with a farmer. This
year, he estimates equity loans make up half his lending portfolio with farmers.
In Hillsboro, Kaufman said about one-third of his loans to farmers this year
involve collateral up front. Farm equity loans have a bitter history in the
Midwest. They were commonplace in the 1980s, but both banks and farmers paid
dearly when the loans went bad. Inflated land values at the time the loans were
taken out plummeted by the time banks came collecting. By then, the land they
held as collateral was virtually worthless. But lenders today say the conditions
that led to those problems are gone, and they are comfortable issuing equity
loans again -- but only as a short-term solution. ""As long as you look at this
as temporary, then it doesn't necessarily concern me,'' Kaufman said. ""I think
everyone recognizes that positive cash flows simply aren't going to be there for
a lot of farmers this year, and they need another temporary option for loans.''
""In the 1980s, we were in a period of significant inflation, the value of real
estate was out of line,'' added Strommen, who also is chairman of the North
Dakota Bankers Association's agriculture committee. ""Today, that's not the
case, and I think lenders and farmers realize that.'' Equity loans, Strommen
said, are an option his bank extends to producers who believe they have enough
capital to survive in the long term, even if they can't show a positive cash
flow for the coming year. ""When we sit down and do the loan interview, we look
at where the farmers are at today financially, what the obligations are going to
be for the coming year and then we lay out the options,'' Strommen said. ""For
some, an equity loan is an option.'' Roger Monson, president of Citizen State
Bank of Finley and president of the state Bankers Association, said he, too, is
approving equity loans to some farmers this year. ""We're comfortable with it,''
he said. ""This time around, lenders and borrowers both are very aware of the
risks of collateral lending, or equity lending. We all view it probably more as
a stopgap measure and recognize that this is not something we can do
indefinitely.''

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 4, 2011 Friday

Flood control efforts continue

BYLINE: Debbie Blank, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 587 words


March 04--City officials took steps Feb. 28 to better stormwater flow in an
effort to prevent or lessen future flooding and also to construct paths so
citizens can walk and bike more safely. The Batesville Board of Works approved
an agreement with Seig and Associates, Penntown, to survey two areas prone to
flooding, reported Mayor Rick Fledderman. It will cost $2,880 and $5,224,
respectively, to get topographical data about EGS Boulevard and Valley Drive,
and Ripley and Vine streets.

That money will come from the stormwater utility fund. He is in the process of
getting a more detailed cost analysis and obtaining funding, possibly a U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development low-interest loan, to move forward
with some improvements. A loan would be repaid through monthly stormwater
utility fees. Because the city recently received a $98,067 grant for the first
phase of its trails system, BBW OK'd a Federal Highway Administration
Recreational Trails Program grant agreement, which will be administered by the
Indiana Department of Natural Resources. Fledderman explained, "It's an 80/20
match," so the city will provide $16,000 in in-kind labor and $24,700 from the
city treasury. The 10-foot-wide trail will connect Brum Woods to Liberty Park
and the soccer and future baseball/softball complexes. It will first head south
on Mulberry Street, then go east across vacant land, continuing along Pohlman
Avenue to the sports fields. The Batesville City Council approved spending up to
$40,000 on a pedestrian sidewalk on the south side of a new Columbus Avenue
bridge after the issue was tabled for more research Feb. 14. Franklin County is
paying an estimated $550,000 to replace the 1935 structure with a steel beam
single-span bridge, said county engineer George Hartman. The current bridge is
narrow, 19.5 feet wide, and considered structurally deficient, he said. The new
one will be 36 feet wide, including the sidewalk. It will not have a center
pier, which will allow for a better stream flow. The council voted after Chief
Stan Holt detailed speed measurements and traffic count data obtained from a
speed sentry. The device was placed near the bridge for two reasons: to get
drivers to slow down while officials and workers were checking out the bridge
and also to determine whether a sidewalk is merited. The total eastbound traffic
from 8 a.m. Feb. 25 through 4:30 p.m. Feb. 28 was 3,640 vehicles -- over 900
each on Friday and Saturday and just under 900 each on Sunday and Monday.
Although the speed limit is 30 miles per hour, Holt found "85 percent of the
cars were going under the speed of 41." He added, "A big percentage (55 percent)
of them were speeding," but most were between 30-40. The chief noted, "If we get
complaints of speeding in a certain area," police set up the sentry to make
motorists more aware of the speed limit. Later, if drivers are stopped, "they
probably won't get a break ... the officers are more likely to write a ticket."
Holt agreed a bridge sidewalk is needed. "The absolute No. 1 thing is safety.
When you're on the bridge (walking now) and a vehicle goes across, you really
don't have anywhere to go."

To see more of The Herald-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Herald-Tribune,
Batesville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110304-HZ-Flood-control-efforts-continue-0304-20110304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2011 The Herald-Tribune


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                  May 16, 2001

Compensation delays 'scandalous'

SECTION: Agency: AGENCY, Pg.1

LENGTH: 292 words


DELAYS by the Ministry of Agriculture in paying farmers for livestock
slaughtered because of foot and mouth disease are "scandalous" and putting many
on the breadline, a farming leader has said.

Tim Brooks, regional director of the Country Land and Business Association, said
the backlog was causing "yet more hardship" in the Westcountry's rural
community.

"The outstanding money due to the rural community in foot and mouth affected
areas runs into hundreds of millions across the country," he said.

"The Prime Minister claims to have got the disease under control - but it is
clear from the number of complaints we have received that Downing Street has not
yet got a grip on the cash flow crisis in the countryside.

"Without this money in the bank, devastated farmers and those who have worked
alongside them in this disaster are facing the daily trauma of trying to feed
their families when they have neither income from their businesses nor the money
they have been promised by Government."

At the start of the outbreak, nearly three months ago, farmers were promised
payments for their slaughtered animals within 14 days.

But according to Mr Brooks, he is hearing on a daily basis cases of farmers
still waiting for compensation six or seven weeks after their "capital assets"
were culled.

"Contractors are similarly carrying on their work unpaid," he said.

A Ministry of Agriculture spokesman said they were aware of the problem and had
drafted more staff in - working seven days a week on a shift basis - to deal
with the backlog.

"It is simply down to the huge workload but we do hope we will be able to get on
top of it.

"We hope to see an improvement in a week or so when hopefully we will start to
clear the backlog."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2001 Western Morning News


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 511 words


ULTIMATUM: Agriculture officials give operators until December to avoid the
event being shelved.

Operators of the troubled Valley Fair were given an ultimatum Wednesday by state
agriculture officials: Lease a permanent site by December or risk being
disbanded.

The December deadline was among a list of demands handed by Department of Food &
Agriculture officials to the 51st District Agricultural Association board, which
has struggled for years to find a permanent home for the fair.

"Our primary intent is to help the fair be successful," Mike Treacy, director of
the Division of Fairs and Expositions, wrote in a statement accompanying the
deadlines. "By meeting the assigned deadlines, this will give the fair a more
structured path towards a successful operation."

In addition to contracting for a permanent site, the state also ordered the 51st
District to:

Devise business and marketing plans for next year's fair.

Launch a five-year strategic plan.

Hold a public meeting by next month to garner support for the fair.

During their meeting with state officials in North Hills, Valley Fair organizers
proposed self-sustaining money-making ventures. They include managing its former
off-road recreation site in Gorman, creating a renewable solar energy farm and
hosting barrel racing, a rodeo or concerts throughout the year.

They also said they plan to sell the district's rights to operate an off-track
betting facility.

But their real hopes lie in a request to lease a site at Pierce College, the
Valley's oldest agricultural college, for a four-day fair in June. Officials
expect to hear a response from the college on Friday.

"Plan A is still Pierce," said David Honda, president of the 51st District
board. "We're hoping that open dialogue will start this week.

"It's not whether or not we're a good fair or a bad fair. It's about politics."

In 1989, Los Angeles Community College District trustees denied a similar
proposal after objections from neighbors of the Woodland Hills campus.

The 51st District has appealed to state lawmakers for support and has planned a
special board meeting in two weeks to discuss its options.

The state's fair and expo division allocates $180,000 a year to the 51st
District and similar agencies across California to stage agricultural-themed
fairs. Once taken from horse racing proceeds, the money now comes from the
general fund.

The 64-year-old Valley Fair has wandered for the last 21 years, ever since its
site at Cal State Northridge was sold for development.

But state officials, concerned about the cancellation of the 2009 fair and
dismal attendance at a Birmingham High School venue in 2010, ordered the fair to
find a permanent home.

While Valley Fair officials say the state wants to appropriate the $2.8 million
from its CSUN fairgrounds sale for other fair districts, agriculture officials
disagree.

"They have a negative cash flow," Diana Paluszak, a state fair and expo resource
coordinator, said after meeting with the 51st District board. "We would like to
help them get on track."

dana.bartholomew@dailynews.com

818-713-3730

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              March 2, 2001 Friday

Aid announcement angers farmers

BYLINE: SHAWN McCARTHY, With a report from Canadian Press and Richard Mackie

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief announced an additional $500-million
in farm support yesterday, which farm groups and the provinces immediately
condemned as a paltry effort.

Hard-pressed farmers have been agitating for months for increased federal
support to help offset the massive subsidies received by American and European
producers.

At a meeting of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture yesterday, Mr. Vanclief
said Ottawa would cough up an additional $500-million, adding he expected the
provinces to put in $330-million for a total of $830-million.

That's well below the roughly $1.5-billion farm groups were looking for. Mr.
Vanclief conceded farmers were looking for a richer package, but said the
Liberal cabinet had many funding priorities.

"Our farm families are a bedrock of our rural communities," he told the CFA
meeting. "And we have to find ways to ensure they are sustainable."

The new money comes in addition to the $1.8-billion Ottawa and the provinces
have pledged for farm aid this year, he said.

As he announced the new funding, several farmers walked out of the meeting in
disgust and vowed to turn up the pressure.

Nettie Wiebe, former president of the National Farmers Union, said she
understands their frustration.

"What we want to see from this federal government . . . is a genuine
appreciation of what we do in this economy," she said.

In recent weeks, farmers have marched on Parliament Hill and held major rallies
in Ontario and parts of the Prairies calling for more government help. They've
warned that without a better delivery system for support, many farmers will face
bankruptcy and lose their land.

In the Commons, New Democratic Party MP Dick Proctor called Mr. Vanclief's
announcement "disappointing and even pathetic."

Mr. Vanclief warned federal money would not flow to farmers in provinces where
governments refuse to participate in the program.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Clay Serby said the federal announcement is a
"slap in the face" because provincial ministers were not consulted on the amount
or how it would be distributed.

The federal and provincial ministers meet in Quebec City next week to discuss
the farm crisis.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

Sugar in a sweet spot after decontrol

BYLINE: Sumit Moitra

LENGTH: 425  words


Kolkata: Deregulation of the sugar sector will trigger investments from global
agriculture funds, Balrampur Chini, one of the top sugar producers in the
country, appears to believe.

"The sugar sector will attract a number of large and global institutions and
trading houses like agri funds and contra funds," Vivek Sarogi, MD, Balrampur
Chini, said in the company's annual report.

So far, global agri funds have stayed away from India, and for good reason,
believes Dhirendra Kumar of Value Research, a firm that tracks mutual fund
investments. "So far, global agri funds couldn't find any reason to invest in
India. Every aspect of agriculture, be it sugar or fertiliser, have been
politically controlled. These funds have choices globally, why should they come
to India?" he told dna.

Indeed, the agri investment options offered by mutual funds in India don't put
money in domestic agriculture. DSP BlackRock World Agriculture Fund, for
instance, puts most of its money in units of BlackRock's global agri fund.

But that's about to change.

The government last month removed a 10% levy,  giving sugar mills the freedom to
sell their entire output in the open market.

"Now that the playing field has been deregulated and sugar pricing permitted to
find its own level, a number of these players will be inclined to enter the
country and take positions," said Saraogi.

Come to think of it, what makes these invest in commodities like sugar, coffee
and grains, or even livestock, farm equipment and fertilisers? Growth in demand
for food led by a rise in global population, supply constraints, slowdown in
yield and higher farm investment are some of the long-term positives that these
investors are betting on.

The freedom given to sugar mills is thus expected to excite the players.

"Earlier, sugar companies sold periodically to dealers as advised by the
government release mechanism. Progressively, companies will have the option to
pre-sell an entire season's output to institutional buyers who, in turn, can
lock in their prices, or to global fund managers against committed contracts
with the objective of securing their cash flow," said Saraogi.

But that might take a while as, unlike sugar, sugarcane still remains a
controlled agri produce where states control the prices through the state
advisory prices paid to farmers.

"We dislike buying and holding the actual commodities as high prices give
farmers an incentive to produce more, ultimately pushing down prices," BlackRock
said in its report on investment opportunities in emerging markets for 2013.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 9, 2006 Saturday

Our perverse farm policy

BYLINE: George Pyle

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Opinion

LENGTH: 672 words


In farm country, Christmas comes about every five years.

The next visit of Santa Claus - or in this case, Uncle Sam - is due in 2007. The
wish list of American agribusiness giants and their vassals at the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is the same as always: many billions of federal
dollars propping up an unnatural, anti-competitive, security-undermining,
environment-destroying system that gluts the world with cheap grain and pig
manure.

And any warm feeling taxpayers might get for thinking their money goes to
support the traditional family farm springs from about as much reality as flying
reindeer.

After 52 public forums from Florida to Alaska, many presided over personally by
Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns, and more than 4,000 public comments, the
USDA clings to its willful misreading of the situation, promoting policies that
endanger the planet and destroy farmsteads from Nebraska to Niger.

Some hold out hope that Congress, after decades of agreeing that the solution to
every farm problem is larger production subsidies, might take another course.
The ascension of the Democrats, specifically the fact that conservation-friendly
Tom Harkin of Iowa will be chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee,
provides some encouragement.

But the USDA's own summary of the issues facing American agriculture -
"Strengthening the Foundation for Future Growth in U.S. Agriculture" - still
views farming as an industrial process needing to ramp up production and
increase exports.

It's a sad missive that refers to the dependency of livestock and vegetable
producers on straitjacketing production contracts with giant processors as
"opportunities," and calls the need for farm families to balance their budgets
with off-farm jobs a "choice."

It's a business plan that assumes poor nations whose agricultural base is
destroyed by America's market-glutting production will magically start having
the kind of disposable income necessary to buy our grain and meat. Our
government's refusal to deviate from this view was the key reason why the last
round of World Trade Organization talks, once seen as a chance to bring poor
nations into the fold, collapsed in July.

It's a blueprint for yet another round of taxpayer subsidies for the so-called
"program crops" - generally wheat, corn, rice, soybeans and cotton - that push
farmers to max out their production using all the fertilizer and pesticides they
can afford.

The government dropped nearly $144 billion on farm subsidies between 1995 and
2004, according to calculations by the Environmental Working Group. The bulk of
that money went to an ever-shrinking number of giant companies and cooperatives
that continue to soak up both the taxpayers' money and their neighbors' land.

The resulting cut-rate price of corn further encourages feedlot fattening of
cattle, hogs and poultry rather than the more natural grazing. The
nitrogen-heavy runoff from those massive feeding operations, combined with all
the fertilizer that flows from wheat and corn fields in the Plains and upper
Midwest, endangers municipal water supplies and once-teeming sealife downstream
in the Gulf of Mexico.

Soil conservation is always a part of farm legislation, but a small part. In
Kansas, for example, federal farm payments over the decade ending in 2004
totaled $6.2 billion for production subsidies and $1 billion for conservation.
When budget hawks start looking for savings, it is the conservation plans, not
the subsidies, that are on the chopping block.

True conservation farming, where land is lovingly husbanded everywhere, not
hyper-farmed here and left fallow there, is the key to sustainable, affordable
food production. And we can have it for a fraction of what we now spend on
production subsidies.

If we tell Congress that is what we want.

---

* GEORGE PYLE an editorial writer for The Salt Lake Tribune, is author of
Raising Less Corn, More Hell: The Case for the Independent Farmer and Against
Industrial Food. He wrote this column for the Land Institute's Prairie Writers
Circle, Salina, Kan.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: George Pyle

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Coalition rift over blocked cattle station foreign sale

BYLINE: Peter Hartcher, James Massola; and Jared Lynch

SECTION: A; Pg. A007

LENGTH: 540  words


Coalition rift over blocked cattle station foreign sale By Peter Hartcher, James
Massola and Jared Lynch Editorial -- Forum, Page 5 Trade and Investment Minister
Andrew Robb has branded his government's decision to block the foreign sale of
the sprawling 101,411-square-kilometre SKidman & Co cattle stations as
"political" and backed greater foreign investment in Australian agriculture.

Treasurer Scott Morrison announced the sale decision on Thursday, citing the
national interest clause in the Foreign Investment Act, the size of the 10
properties in the portfolio and national security issues around access to the
Woomera weapons testing range.

But in comments that highlight a rift between the Trade Minister and the
Treasurer, Mr Robb said Australia had "always depended on foreign investment for
agriculture, because no bugger here will put money into the sector". "You can't
get an Australian investor to put money into agriculture for love nor money," he
said. "Even sophisticated Australian investors won't put money into it.

"Agriculture is too long term for them, even though it's our great strength."

Implying that opposition to the sale was irrational, he said: "I've heard about
selling Australia forever.

I just haven't seen a farm leave the country yet." Asked if he was unhappy about
the situation, Mr Robb said: "You might surmise that." The decision, he said,
"is political".

It is the second major foreign investment in agriculture to be blocked by the
Coalition government, after the ADM Graincorp deal in 2013, and has delighted
the Nationals and infuriated Liberal economic dries.

Mr Robb did not personally criticise Mr Morrison, but said: "We have to carry
people with us.

"There's politics around it, which we have to manage.

"Scott Morrison has a difficult job managing these issues. "I'm not immune to
the job of managing community expectations and fears while we manage the
investment flows."

He said the trade agreements he had negotiated with South Korea, Japan and China
were helping attract new investment to Australia, but that "every new wave of
investment elicits the same response".

Nationals Senator John Williams said he believed "all foreign acquisitions of
agricultural land - private or state owned - should go through the FIRB [Foreign
Investment Review Board], to see if it's in the national interest", while also
calling for the property portfolio to be splitup.

Fellow Nationals Senator Matthew Canavan said major loopholes in Australia's
foreign investment arrangements needed to be closed.

Both men said laws due to be debated in the Senate on Monday which lower the
threshold for screening foreign investments in agricultural land from $252
million down to $15 million should be backed by Labor.

Labor agriculture spokesman Joel Fitzgibbon dismissed the call for the Kidman
holdings to be broken up, a move Mr Morrison has indicated he would consider,
and accused the government of having a discriminatory foreign investment policy.

"The [2012] Greener Pastures report tells us that to meet our aspirations we
will need $600 billion in investment in agriculture by 2050 and as an island
nation with a small population, by definition much of that will need to come
from foreign sources," Mr Fitzgibbon said.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2015 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              June 21, 2010 Monday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

SHARING A FARM'S WORK;
COMMUNITY-SUPPORTED AGRICULTURE;
RESIDENTS SWAP SWEAT FOR VEGGIES

BYLINE: RINKER BUCK; rbuck@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1035 words

DATELINE: CANTON


Priscilla and Lou Russo are a young West Hartford couple who run a photography
business together. But on Friday afternoon, they found themselves working under
the hot sun at the Wild Carrot Farm along Route 44, harvesting scallions and
kale.

"It's almost like daydreaming out here, and we find the work very helpful after
a week of answering the phones about appointments, processing paperwork and
staring at a computer screen," Lou Russo said. "Business has a burn-out effect,
but farm work restores our creativity."

Apart from these meditative aspects, there's another reason to pay attention to
the Russos, and dozens of others who plant, weed and harvest at Connecticut's
burgeoning network of community-supported farms.

The Russos work for free. In return for devoting 80 hours of labor apiece from
spring through fall at the certified organic farm, the Russos, vegetarians who
consume "huge" amounts of fresh produce every week, earn about $1,500 worth of
produce at Wild Carrot's farm stand.

The concept is called "work share" or "member labor." It's a growing trend in
the community-supported agriculture movement, a national network of farms that
are changing food distribution by emphasizing the importance of locally grown
produce. At community-supported farms, families can buy a "crop share"- costing
about $500 - that entitles them to a specified amount of the farm's produce
every week. Because families pay early in the year, the system allows farmers to
generate cash flow early in the planting season, as well as avoid the market
vagaries of selling through a middleman.

In addition, the CSA program is gradually transforming local farms and drawing
many new players into agriculture.

The Russos' motivation is similar to many other work share converts at
Connecticut farms. Six months ago, Priscilla came home with "Skinny Bitch," the
tart, best-selling vegan diet book that espouses healthful living, and began
reading passages to her husband. Impressed, he bought the sequel, "Skinny
Bastard," and by this spring he had joined his wife in vegetarianism. Searching
for a way to share their newfound interest, they combed the website of the
community-supported agriculture movement - www.localharvest.org - found Wild
Carrot Farm and were excited to learn that they could earn their shares by
working in the fields.

The Russos began reporting for work one or two days a week in May.

"It was quite tedious at first - I can't tell you how many thousands, and I do
mean thousands, of seeds we planted," Priscilla Russo said. "But there's this
wonderful satisfaction you get after a long day of really learning how to grow
your own food, and becoming introduced to new vegetables and varieties."

Wild Carrot Farm grows 75 different kinds of produce, and last week Priscilla
Russo helped harvest garlic scapes, the scallion-like stalk that grows out of
garlic bulbs. She was unfamiliar with this iteration of garlic, but Wild Carrot
co-manager Joanie Guglielmino told her how to grill the scapes.

"They're delicious," Priscilla said. "How would I have found garlic scapes if I
didn't work share?"

GROWING A SENSE OF COMMUNITY

The program offers advantages for farms, too. During the summer, Guglielmino
relies mostly on farm workers who are either high school or college students.
But these workers often are not available during the busiest work seasons -
spring planting and late-summer harvests. Her 12 work-share employees are
especially vital early in the planting cycle, when farms have little cash flow,
but their costs are high.

"For a farmer, work share is ideal because you have a lot of upfront costs in
February and March getting ready to plant, and thus less money to pay regular
workers," Guglielmino said. "Then, in late August, when all the students are
going back to school, you can use your work share people to help harvest."

Work share is also a valuable inducement for residents who have skills that the
farm needs but might not be able to attract otherwise.

"A lot of us use work share to get valuable work done that we either can't do
ourselves or don't have time for," said Sam Hammer, the farm manager at Holcomb
Farm in West Granby, a 30-acre operation with about 600 participating members
who buy traditional shares, and an additional 24 work-share members.

"You can never get enough help on a farm, and I have work-share members who are
carpenters, tractor mechanics and who help maintain our computers. It's work we
need done, so why not trade out your skill for vegetables?"

But both the farmers and work-share laborers insist that it's a mistake to
measure the value of the trade in dollars. An eclectic mix of people on the
farm, which creates a strong sense of community, is an important byproduct of
work share.

"One of our work-share members is a stay-at-home mom who is a whiz at computers
and started a blog for us. Another is a very capable administrator who
straightens out our paperwork," Guglielmino said. "We like them so much we end
up hiring them for pay once their work share is over."

Most of the work-share laborers at Wild Carrot describe their experiences as
life-transforming and say that they plan to continue with organic farming in one
form or another.

Priscilla Russo, for example, is compiling a portfolio of photographs on green
farming, green companies and the vegan lifestyle so that she can get more
assignments from magazines such as Mother Earth News or Organic Gardening.

Katie Conroy of West Hartford was inspired to work at Wild Carrot after she
attended a "green wedding" at an organic farm in western Massachusetts. She
started in the fields in Canton in March, loves the work and is now considering
starting a garden at home. Over the past two weeks, she has been weeding
carrots.

"You just get into a total zone weeding - it's you against the crabgrass,"
Conroy said. "It's meditative and relaxing. You weed and weed, go away for a
week, and then you come back, and the crabgrass has returned."

"It's this epic battle with weeds, but I can't tell you how good it feels to be
triumphant over crabgrass."

GOOD TO KNOW

Farm Work

80 hours: From spring to fall

Where: Wild Carrot Farm, Canton

$1,500: Estimated value of produce received in return for farm labor

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 1-2: COLOR, STEPHEN DUNN - SDUNN@COURANT.COM
 PHOTO 1: LOU RUSSO, left, and his wife, Priscilla, walk the rows of crops
during one of their visits to the Wild Carrot Farm in Canton. They trade their
farming skills for a portion of the produce.  PHOTO 2: WORK SHARE farmer Lou
Russo waters pepper plants at the Wild Carrot.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           November 17, 2009 Tuesday

Editorial: No Peninsula perks in big water package

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 494 words


Much of the early scrutiny of the $11 billion water bond set for a vote next
year has naturally centered on what is in the giant package, particularly the
rebirth of the old Peripheral Canal idea and money for new or enlarged dams to
help improve the flow of water to inland farms and Southland homes.

There has been a fair amount of focus as well on the relatively small pieces of
pork inserted in order to win over last-minute votes from legislators who needed
to show the folks back home that business was being taken care of.

But as water experts and the public start taking a closer look, what will start
becoming obvious is what's missing   anything that would cause voters in
Northern California or along the central and north coasts to support the plan.
What's missing is any meaningful Central Coast pork to help us with our very
real water problems, or any meaningful push to get the rest of the state to
follow our lead on conservation.

The water package crafted by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger follows the money and
the votes. It was carefully crafted to appeal to the big bucks, big population
region, otherwise known as greater Los Angeles, and to the big bucks industry
known as San Joaquin Valley agriculture.

The package contains some feel-good provisions for San Francisco Bay Area
environmentalist types, providing some money for groundwater cleanup projects
here and there and eventually requiring the entire state to get serious about
water conservation. But if recent California history tells us anything about the
short-term future, the conservation elements will be among the last to be
enacted.

The package would require a 20percent reduction in water consumption statewide,
but it doesn't provide the mechanism to accomplish that goal and, just as
important, it doesn't set any quantifiable reduction for agriculture, which now
consumes the bulk of California's developed water supply.

We don't mean to pick on agriculture, but it simply isn't true that
environmentally friendly court orders have dried up the farms on the San Joaquin
Valley's west side. Farms there continue to receive the bulk of their
entitlements despite what you may have seen on FOX News. And while some
west-side farms have cut back on production because of uncertainty over
continuing supply, much of that water has been diverted to almonds, oranges and
other tree crops that never should have been planted in such an arid region.

While Peninsula residents worry about protecting even their drought-tolerant
plantings as state-ordered cutbacks are imposed here, more than half the homes
in the San Joaquin Valley remain unmetered.

In most of the state, water rates aren't tiered by volume, as they are here, to
provide an incentive to conserve.

With nothing in the water package to help us with our own pressing water needs,
and little to require the rest of the state to share our pain, it is hard to
imagine Central Coast residents voting any way other than no next November.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

DANGER DOWNSTREAM: CAN A RIVER BE SAVED?

BYLINE: JOSEPHINE MARCOTTY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1690 words



HIGHLIGHT: BUILDING A MODEL TO PROTECT RIVERS


Part 3 OF 3

TERRACE, MINN. - Truth be told, Dan Jenniges doesn't think much about whether
his farm helps or hurts the Chippewa River, which curls slowly around his fields
here in Pope County.

Nevertheless, as he stood on a rise amid a group of taciturn neighbors on a hot
day in July, he was a shining example on a grassy hill of a farmer who's doing
everything right for clean water - and making money to boot. Telling the group
how he manages grazing, he said it comes down to one of the oldest equations in
agriculture: cattle and grass.

"It is nice," he said, "to finally admit that grass is a natural resource in
Minnesota."

Jenniges is participating in a deceptively simple experiment here in western
Minnesota known as the Chippewa Ten Percent Project. The idea, launched five
years ago by local leaders and conservation groups, is to help farmers grow more
grass, trees, alfalfa, oats, wheat and the like - all of which are much kinder
to water than chemically intensive crops like corn and soybeans.

Raising the amount of land planted in such perennials by just 10 percentage
points - from 24 percent to 34 percent of the Chippewa watershed's 1.3 million
acres - would be enough to tip the river from polluted to clean.

Some 25 landowners now participate, and if they can prove its premise - that a
farmer can make money without polluting the Chippewa - they could be a model for
protecting threatened rivers all across the Midwest.

But progress has been excruciatingly slow - a sign of how hard it is to change
farmers' thinking and to thwart the economics that dictate their

decisions. After five years in which high commodity prices drove most Minnesota
farmers to plant more corn, the Chippewa watershed has gained about 13,000 acres
of grass and other perennials.

Or about 10 percent of the 10 percent.

"We've been fighting against some huge tides," said Robin Moore, project
coordinator for the Minnesota Land Stewardship Project, one of the lead
conservation groups. "All that money people were making from high [priced] beans
and corn. That was hard."

Still, kitchen table by kitchen table, farmers are joining the conversation.
"It's encouraging that we have people willing to go outside the box," said
Kylene Olson, executive director of the Chippewa River Watershed Project.

Five years ago, she said, only four farmers in the watershed routinely planted
cover crops - like oats and radishes - which protect soil from the winter winds
that turn snow into black "snirt" and stop contaminated runoff in the spring,
she said. That number has grown sixfold, by her estimate.

"Because the pressure is on," she said. "Something has to change."

An intriguing pattern

The Chippewa is a small, emerald green river that starts south of Fergus Falls
and meanders peacefully for 153 miles through its rural watershed before merging
with the Minnesota River in Montevideo.

It's also one of the most studied rivers in the state, which means that
conservationist have a clear picture of how rural land use drives pollution in
rivers.

Along the east branch of the Chippewa, which flows through hilly land more given
to pastures, the water is pretty clean, according to one state analysis. But the
rest of the watershed has more land devoted to row crops, and the water shows
it. One creek that flows through an area of rich soils and flat terrain - ideal
for row crops - is the source for most of the nitrates and phosphorus that the
Chippewa delivers to the Minnesota.

But the state's research turned up an intriguing pattern: Wherever a third of
the land was covered by grasses or other perennials, the lakes and streams were
significantly healthier. That's largely because far less soil was discharged
into the water by rain and spring snowmelt, said George Boody, executive
director of the Land Stewardship Project. The dirt that flows from bare fields
into streams and creeks is the vehicle that carries pollutants and makes the
water cloudy enough to kill plants and fish.

In fact, said Boody, 34 percent of almost any kind of land cover - trees, grass,
small grains like oats or cover crops like radishes - sufficed to keep water in
the adjacent tributary clean rather than polluted. And despite the dominance of
farming, about 24 percent of the basin was already protected by perennials. In
short, it was almost there.

"And that's how it got started," he said of the Ten Percent Project.

But Moore and other advocates are not just talking about water quality. They
envision a different way to farm - one that focuses on healthy soil, a variety
of crops, and bottom-line results rather than the sheer volume of bushels
produced per acre.

"A smaller diversified farm can be more profitable than corn and beans," Moore
said.

Happy cows

Jenniges is a case in point.

On a steamy morning in July, he drove his pickup truck down a curvy road
northeast of Montevideo, through an unlocked gate, and bumped across a pasture
outlined with white plastic fence posts and steel tension wire.

He knew his cattle were down by the river under the trees, and sure enough, they
came thundering through the woods as soon as he honked his horn and bellowed for
them. Lowing with anticipation, they surged through a gate, rounded the corner
and headed into the next pasture. They knew what was waiting: tall, green grass
that hadn't been touched for at least two months.

Jenniges uses a technique called rotational grazing - moving his cattle every
five days from one small pasture to another and allowing the grass in each to
rest and recover. By the time he brings them back to the first pasture, it's had
60 to 80 days to regrow.

It's good for the grass, the butterflies, the birds and the water. But most
importantly, it's good for his bottom line.

"I don't get too excited about saying it's all for water quality," he said.

While most of his rolling land is planted in grass, Jenniges also grows some
corn, oats, hay, alfalfa, and a variety of other crops that he feeds to his
animals.

"Everything I raise I put through livestock," he said.

What he gets out the other end is fertilizer for his fields. Which makes him, he
jokes, mostly a manure farmer.

It's a highly efficient cycle that takes advantage of nature rather than
fighting it: Using livestock to fertilize his fields saves him hefty input costs
for chemicals and commercial feed, and selling the cattle for slaughter pays his
bills.

But not everyone wants to farm that way.

"I don't have the gene for raising cattle," said Keith Poier, who farms 1,200
acres just south of Jenniges, where the land flattens out and row crops stretch
to the horizon. Poier grows corn, soybeans and sugar beets, and he's
experimenting with cover crops on a 15-acre cornfield.

The results have not been stellar.

"The cover crop was wheat, and the price of wheat is not conducive to profit,"
Poier said. The wheat improves the quality of soil and holds it in place, he
acknowledged. "But it's hard to put a number on that."

There's no question that planting more perennial grasses and cover crops
improves water quality, but that's not enough to persuade farmers who are
committed to raising corn and soybeans, said Shawn Schottler, a scientist at the
St. Croix Watershed Research Station.

For farmers like Jenniges, it's the livestock that makes it work, Schottler
said.

"If we want more cover crops, we need to find ways to make them profitable," he
said.

Surprising arithmetic

At the University of Minnesota's Forever Green project, crop scientists are
trying to do just that.

Researchers are experimenting with new strains like intermediate wheat grass and
field pennycress, an oilseed that can be used for biofuels. Schottler said some
grasses can replace coal in power plants, and wheat grass seeds can be fed to
hogs.

Meanwhile, Byron Braaten is thinking about crops he can grow now.

Last spring, Moore of the Land Stewardship Project spent an afternoon at
Braaten's kitchen table not far from the Chippewa River. Working with Braaten's
son-in-law, Peder Gerde, they ran the family's cattle and row-crop operation
through a new computer program designed by the Land Stewardship Project. It
calculates profits from combinations of six different crop rotations, weighing
crops for feed against corn and soybeans.

The point, said Moore, is that corn and soybeans, the combination that dominates
Minnesota agriculture, are not the only way to make money.

Braaten and Gerde scratched their heads over the cost of producing row crops.
Seed costs? Gas for the tractor? Fertilizer? Hauling and trucking? Rent for
farmland? It all goes in the calculator and it all adds up.

"You should add some for headache," said his wife, Joanne Braaten.

Finally, the answer emerged. After six years, they could save so much money by
adding three years of alfalfa that they would net twice as much money per acre
compared with planting corn.

The two farmers looked at each and laughed.

"Well, hey," said Gerde. "Let's grow more corn!"

Josephine Marcotty · 612-673-7394

Aaron Lavinsky · 612-673-4829

CHIPPEWA RIVER WATERSHED

The Chippewa River flows south from its headwaters in Otter Tail County,
draining a largely agricultural watershed of 1.3 million acres. By the time in
joins the Minnesota River at Montevideo, it carries heavy loads of phosphorus,
nitrogen and sediment. But a coalition of conservationists and farmers say that
adding just 10 percentage points more grass and other natural cover to the land
could make the river healthy again.

About this series

Danger Downstream examines the way dramatic changes to Minnesota's landscape are
jeopardizing water quality.

Part 1: Deforestation, irrigation and urban development pose growing threats to
the watershed of the Upper Mississippi, and Minnesota is in a race to protect
it.

Part 2: Pollution is rising in the Red River, but the price is paid far
downstream with massive and sometimes toxic algae blooms in Lake Winnipeg.

Part 3: In western Minnesota, an ambitious but simple experiment on the Chippewa
River shows what it would take to save a river before it's too late.

More online

Explore the Mississippi River watershed and the threats it faces through
interactive graphics, video and photos at startribune.com/rivers

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            October 18, 2013 Friday

Is the rural consumption story in India oversold?

LENGTH: 895  words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 18 -- Higher output in the agriculture sector is perhaps the only
saving grace for the Indian economy in the current financial year. The
agriculture sector, according to the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime
Minister, is likely to expand by 4.8% in the current financial year compared
with a modest growth of 1.9% in the last fiscal. On the back of a good monsoon
and higher farm output, the council expects the Indian economy to expand at 5.3%
in the current fiscal compared with 5% in the last fiscal.

Although there is a difference of opinion among economists on the level of
overall growth, there is consensus that the agriculture sector will post higher
growth.

"Agriculture is set to surprise on the upside because of a bountiful and well
distributed monsoon. Farm GDP (gross domestic product) growth could more than
double from last year's 1.9% to 4.5%. This will help check food prices and
support rural consumption," said a report titled State of the Nation by Crisil
Ltd released in September.

Since higher farm output will mean higher income in the rural areas, it is being
argued that companies in the consumption sector are likely to benefit. But will
this really happen? Should you be buying shares in companies in the consumption
space in order to benefit from the increased rural demand? "Years of
above-average monsoon rainfall have been characterized by rising rural
prosperity and with India Inc. progressively increasing its distribution
footprint in rural India, we expect the multiplier impact of rural prosperity to
be higher in the current year relative to previous years of strong monsoons,"
said a recent report from Deutsche Bank.

Although sectors such as fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG), auto, cement and
telecom are said to get benefited from higher rural demand, we focus on FMCG
sector in this story which is a pure consumption play. "There will be cash flows
from rural areas which will benefit the sector," said Dhananjay Sinha, head of
research (institutional equities), Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd. However,
everyone does not agree.

"The rural income will go up, but it will be affected by sustained inflation. We
are likely to see sub-par volume growth in the sector for the next two-three
quarters," retorted Gaurav Dua, head of research, Sharekhan Ltd. Although there
are concerns in the immediate short term, analysts are still bullish on the
long-term prospects of the sector. "Although the slowdown witnessed in the FMCG
sector is expected to persist for the next few quarters, we believe India's
long-term consumption story is intact," said a recent note from Angel Broking
Pvt. Ltd.

The past performance FMCG as a sector has been an outperformer in the last few
years and has enjoyed rich valuations as the broader market failed to attract
sufficient investor attention and interest. Both domestic and foreign investors
have been accumulating stocks from the FMCG sector as a defensive play against
the volatility in other sectors. And the strategy has worked very well. The S&P
BSE FMCG Index has gained 188% in absolute terms since January 2008 compared
with S&P BSE Sensex, which is still showing a loss of 1.5% in the same period.

Time for FMCG in the portfolio Higher farm output and increased flow of income
to the rural areas should, theoretically, increase demand for consumer products.
However, things may not be as simple as they are made out to be. The increasing
penetration of consumer products in the rural areas may be a process driven by
rising rural wages and higher support price for farm output over the years and
not an event anchored to higher farm output in a particular year.

Evidently, the growth in the farm output and gains in the BSE FMCG index do not
exhibit a strong positive relation. For example, in FY09 when agricultural
growth was flat, the FMCG index declined by 11%.

In FY10, when agriculture registered less than 1% growth, the FMCG index gained
39%.

But in FY11, despite about 8% growth in the farm sector, the FMCG index gained
only 27%. Therefore, there are factors other than farm output that affect stock
movement in the sector.

Further, stocks in the sector are trading at very high valuations. For example,
ITC Ltd, which has the highest weight in both FMCG Index and the Sensex, is
trading at a price earnings ratio of 36.7, while Hindustan Unilever Ltd is
trading at 34.5 times.

Says Dua: "Investors will have to be selective in the sector as we are unlikely
to see a broad-based rally in the sector." Mint Money take Consumption in India
is a long-term story and should not be seen in a relatively short-term
perspective of higher farm output in a particular year. Investors would be
better off by having allocation to the sector.

However, it would be advisable to be selective in the sector as even good
companies with very high valuations could affect potential gains in the future.
It is important to note that the better performance of the FMCG stocks in the
recent years is also a reflection of problems in other sectors.

Therefore, as and when things begin to improve in other sectors, consumer stocks
might lose some of its attractiveness which will affect stock prices.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2013 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            October 18, 2013 Friday

Is the rural consumption story in India oversold?

LENGTH: 895  words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 18 -- Higher output in the agriculture sector is perhaps the only
saving grace for the Indian economy in the current financial year. The
agriculture sector, according to the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime
Minister, is likely to expand by 4.8% in the current financial year compared
with a modest growth of 1.9% in the last fiscal. On the back of a good monsoon
and higher farm output, the council expects the Indian economy to expand at 5.3%
in the current fiscal compared with 5% in the last fiscal.

Although there is a difference of opinion among economists on the level of
overall growth, there is consensus that the agriculture sector will post higher
growth.

"Agriculture is set to surprise on the upside because of a bountiful and well
distributed monsoon. Farm GDP (gross domestic product) growth could more than
double from last year's 1.9% to 4.5%. This will help check food prices and
support rural consumption," said a report titled State of the Nation by Crisil
Ltd released in September.

Since higher farm output will mean higher income in the rural areas, it is being
argued that companies in the consumption sector are likely to benefit. But will
this really happen? Should you be buying shares in companies in the consumption
space in order to benefit from the increased rural demand? "Years of
above-average monsoon rainfall have been characterized by rising rural
prosperity and with India Inc. progressively increasing its distribution
footprint in rural India, we expect the multiplier impact of rural prosperity to
be higher in the current year relative to previous years of strong monsoons,"
said a recent report from Deutsche Bank.

Although sectors such as fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG), auto, cement and
telecom are said to get benefited from higher rural demand, we focus on FMCG
sector in this story which is a pure consumption play. "There will be cash flows
from rural areas which will benefit the sector," said Dhananjay Sinha, head of
research (institutional equities), Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd. However,
everyone does not agree.

"The rural income will go up, but it will be affected by sustained inflation. We
are likely to see sub-par volume growth in the sector for the next two-three
quarters," retorted Gaurav Dua, head of research, Sharekhan Ltd. Although there
are concerns in the immediate short term, analysts are still bullish on the
long-term prospects of the sector. "Although the slowdown witnessed in the FMCG
sector is expected to persist for the next few quarters, we believe India's
long-term consumption story is intact," said a recent note from Angel Broking
Pvt. Ltd.

The past performance FMCG as a sector has been an outperformer in the last few
years and has enjoyed rich valuations as the broader market failed to attract
sufficient investor attention and interest. Both domestic and foreign investors
have been accumulating stocks from the FMCG sector as a defensive play against
the volatility in other sectors. And the strategy has worked very well. The S&P
BSE FMCG Index has gained 188% in absolute terms since January 2008 compared
with S&P BSE Sensex, which is still showing a loss of 1.5% in the same period.

Time for FMCG in the portfolio Higher farm output and increased flow of income
to the rural areas should, theoretically, increase demand for consumer products.
However, things may not be as simple as they are made out to be. The increasing
penetration of consumer products in the rural areas may be a process driven by
rising rural wages and higher support price for farm output over the years and
not an event anchored to higher farm output in a particular year.

Evidently, the growth in the farm output and gains in the BSE FMCG index do not
exhibit a strong positive relation. For example, in FY09 when agricultural
growth was flat, the FMCG index declined by 11%.

In FY10, when agriculture registered less than 1% growth, the FMCG index gained
39%.

But in FY11, despite about 8% growth in the farm sector, the FMCG index gained
only 27%. Therefore, there are factors other than farm output that affect stock
movement in the sector.

Further, stocks in the sector are trading at very high valuations. For example,
ITC Ltd, which has the highest weight in both FMCG Index and the Sensex, is
trading at a price earnings ratio of 36.7, while Hindustan Unilever Ltd is
trading at 34.5 times.

Says Dua: "Investors will have to be selective in the sector as we are unlikely
to see a broad-based rally in the sector." Mint Money take Consumption in India
is a long-term story and should not be seen in a relatively short-term
perspective of higher farm output in a particular year. Investors would be
better off by having allocation to the sector.

However, it would be advisable to be selective in the sector as even good
companies with very high valuations could affect potential gains in the future.
It is important to note that the better performance of the FMCG stocks in the
recent years is also a reflection of problems in other sectors.

Therefore, as and when things begin to improve in other sectors, consumer stocks
might lose some of its attractiveness which will affect stock prices.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2013 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                January 15, 2005

EU WANTS BRITAIN TO GIVE UP £2.5BN THATCHER REBATE

BYLINE: By Kirsty Walker Political Correspondent

SECTION: Scottish Edition; NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 464 words


BRUSSELS bureaucrats want British taxpayers to fork out an extra £5billion a
year to fund the EU.

Half of the cash would come from abolishing Margaret Thatcher's hard-won rebate
and angry Tories called the bill - which would double the UK's payments and cost
nearly £100 per person - "grossly unfair".

The EU's new Budget Commissioner, Dalia Grybauskaite, from Lithuania, is
targeting the £2.5billion annual rebate won by the former Premier in 1984.

Ms Grybauskaite insists richer EU nations must increase payouts to help the cash
flow. She said: "If you have bad times, you have been helped. If you have good
times, you help others. Those are principles most of us believe in. If one or
another country starts to revise it, it jeopardises the future of the EU."

Britain already pays around £11billion a year to the EU and gets £7billion back
in subsidies and aid.

Shadow Europe Minister Graham Brady said: "This is completely unjustified. We've
always paid more than we've got back from the EU. Without the rebate that amount
would balloon into a grossly unfair contribution.

"If the Commission wants more money it should do something about the Common
Agricultural Policy, which gives French farmers far more than their fair share."

Officials claim extra cash is needed from countries such as Britain, France and
Germany because of the number of hard-up eastern European states joining the EU.
An extra 10 members - mainly former communist countries - joined last year.

Lady Thatcher won the annual rebate when Britain was one of the EU's most
hard-up members. She famously told European leaders: "I want my money back!"
Successive governments have fought to protect it. Ms Grybauskaite suggested that
resistance to reform of the rebate may play into the hands of opponents of
European unity.

She said: "It is a sensitive issue, especially for the other 24 countries. We
don't want anybody to use it against the European idea and to become the tool of
Euro sceptics."

The pleas for extra cash come as the EU's financial watchdog has recently
refused to give the annual Euro accounts the all clear - for the 10th year
running. The European Court of Auditors has also raised concerns about the
accuracy of the £70billion total for 2003.

Senior Government sources said they would fight the demands for more money. One
Treasury official said: "We don't think this is fair.

Britain is a net contributor to the EU. We feel we pay our fair share."

It is not the first time Brussels bureaucrats have attempted to clobber British
taxpayers with higher bills. Last year, it emerged that senior EU officials had
drawn up plans for a "Euro tax".

The move was discussed as a desperate way of raising extra cash for the
high-spending EU.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2005 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                          September 28, 2002 Saturday

County to get $5 million in flood control funds;
Storm drain will protect dairies, Santa Ana River from runoff, pollution

BYLINE: By JOE FLORKOWSKISTAFF WRITER

SECTION: CHINO VALLEY

LENGTH: 493 words


San Bernardino County officials will receive more than $5 million in federal
funds to complete control projects that they say will help protect dairies from
potentially devastating floods.

The county Board of Supervisors approved an agreement with the United States
Department of Agriculture last Tuesday and will receive up to $5.6 million to
construct a storm drain to catch urban runoff along Euclid Avenue.

The storm drain is the last of three projects that county and dairy officials
say will keep storm runnoff from flowing onto dairy land.

"It's going to protect properties to the south,' said Ken Miller, county
director of public works. "It's just the last piece we needed.'

County officials have worked with USDA officials since El Nino created
significant problems for dairies and drinking water sources in the San
Bernardino County Dairy Preserve in 1998. That year, heavy rains drenched the
Inland Valley and runoff from foothill cities flowed south.

The water poured into the dairies, killing cows and and causing other problems
for dairy owners, said Bob Feenstra, executive director of Chino-based Milk
Producers Council.

The runoff also posed a water quality problem for Orange County residents who
get drinking water from the Santa Ana River. Polluted water from the dairies
poured into the Prado Basin and into the Santa Ana River.

County officials worked with the USDA and received more than $5 million to
construct a catch basin on the southwest corner of Riverside Drive and Grove
Avenue. The basin began operation in March 2000.

The USDA followed that project by providing nearly $5 million in funding last
year for a second flood control project to be constructed along Riverside Drive.
That project is still being designed.

County officials will plan the final flood control project next year, Miller
said.

The proposed storm drain will collect water from Sultana Avenue and Philadelphia
Street in Ontario, Miller said. The water will then be piped west to Euclid
Avenue. The water will then flow south along Euclid into the Cypress Channel, he
said.

The Cypress Channel flows into Prado Basin, which sends water into the Santa Ana
River.

The final project will also construct three-foot retaining walls for Cypress
Channel to increase capacity, Miller said.

The county did not plan on receiving the money for the third project this year,
Miller said.

"It was a pleasant surprise,' he said.

The entire project is expected to cost nearly $7 million with the county putting
in matching funds, Miller said.

Earsom said dairy owners have been pleased with the impact of the first flood
control project, the Grove Avenue Catch Basin, he said.

This final project will help even more, he said.

"It's the final piece of the umbrella,' Earsom said. "I think it will be real
effective.'

Joe Florkowski can be reached by e-mail at joe.florkowski@dailybulletin.com or
by phone at [909] 597-6389.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Valley Daily Bulletin


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 10, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

America's perverse farm plan

BYLINE: George Pyle Guest Commentary

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-06

LENGTH: 674 words


Salt Lake City

In farm country, Christmas comes about every five years.

The next visit of Santa Claus - or in this case, Uncle Sam - is due in 2007. The
wish list of American agribusiness giants and their vassals at the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is the same as always: many billions of federal
dollars propping up an unnatural, anti-competitive, security-undermining,
environment-destroying system that gluts the world with cheap grain and pig
manure.

And any warm feeling that taxpayers might get for thinking their money goes to
support the traditional family farm springs from about as much reality as flying
reindeer.

After 52 public forums from Florida to Alaska, many presided over personally by
Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns, and more than 4,000 public comments, the
USDA clings to its willful misreading of the situation, promoting policies that
endanger the planet and destroy farmsteads from Nebraska to Niger.

Some hold out hope that Congress, after decades of agreeing that the solution to
every farm problem is larger production subsidies, might take another course.
The ascension of the Democrats, specifically the fact that conservation-friendly
Tom Harkin of Iowa will be chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee,
provides some encouragement.

But the USDA's own summary of the issues facing American agriculture -
"Strengthening the Foundation for Future Growth in U.S. Agriculture" - still
views farming as an industrial process needing to ramp up production and
increase exports.

It's a sad missive that refers to the dependency of livestock and vegetable
producers on straitjacketing production contracts with giant processors as
"opportunities," and calls the need for farm families to balance their budgets
with off-farm jobs a "choice."

It's a business plan that assumes poor nations whose agricultural base is
destroyed by America's market-glutting production will magically start having
the kind of disposable income necessary to buy our grain and meat. Our
government's refusal to deviate from this view was the key reason why the last
round of World Trade Organization talks, once seen as a chance to bring poor
nations into the fold, collapsed in July.

It's a blueprint for yet another round of taxpayer subsidies for the so-called
"program crops" - generally wheat, corn, rice, soybeans and cotton - that push
farmers to max out their production using all the fertilizer and pesticides they
can afford.

The government dropped nearly $144 billion on farm subsidies between 1995 and
2004, according to calculations by the Environmental Working Group. The bulk of
that money went to an ever-shrinking number of giant companies and cooperatives
that continue to soak up both the taxpayers' money and their neighbors' land.

The resulting cut-rate price of corn further encourages feedlot fattening of
cattle, hogs and poultry rather than the more natural grazing. The
nitrogen-heavy runoff from those massive feeding operations, combined with all
the fertilizer that flows from wheat and corn fields in the Plains and upper
Midwest, endangers municipal water supplies and once-teeming sea life downstream
in the Gulf of Mexico.

Soil conservation is always a part of farm legislation, but a small part. In
Kansas, for example, federal farm payments over the decade ending in 2004
totaled $6.2 billion for production subsidies and $1 billion for conservation.
When budget hawks start looking for savings, it is the conservation plans, not
the subsidies, that are on the chopping block.

True conservation farming, where land is lovingly husbanded everywhere, not
hyper-farmed here and left fallow there, is the key to sustainable, affordable
food production. And we can have it for a fraction of what we now spend on
production subsidies.

If we tell Congress that is what we want.

George Pyle, an editorial writer for the Salt Lake Tribune, is author of
``Raising Less Corn, More Hell: The Case for the Independent Farmer and Against
Industrial Food.'' He wrote this for the Land Institute's Prairie Writers
Circle, Salina, Kan.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OP-ED

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

GDP Misses Estimate, Expands 7.3% in Q2

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 819 words


Economic growth picked up in the fiscal second quarter, boosted by a revival in
the farm sector and higher government consumption, but the momentum could now
lose some steam due to disruption caused by demonetisation.

The economy expanded 7.3% in the July-September quarter, data released by the
statistics office showed, faster than the 7.1% growth reported for the prior
three months, but below the 7.6% increase recorded in the year-earlier period.
It also missed economists' median estimate of 7.5%.

Gross value added (GVA) growth in the second quarter was 7.1%, slower than the
previous period's 7.3% expansion.GDP and GVA growth in the first half of the
year was 7.2%.

Experts said the growth could slip below 7% this fiscal year, and India could
lose the tag of the fastest growing major economy to China, which expanded 6.7%
in the July-September quarter.

\x93Going forward, no doubt we see an erosion in growth, given the shock of
demonetisation that has largely affected demand in the economy due to a
liquidity crunch, said Indranil Pan, chief economist at IDFC Bank, who predicted
the

full year growth at 6.9%.

He expects economic activity to improve \x93reasonably\x93 from the fourth
quarter, an assessment seconded by some others as well.

\x93We expect that the impact of demonetisation on GDP will not be so
significant as cash flow in the system is expected to improve considerably with
transactions gaining traction rapidly ,\x93 said Gautam Mukhopadhyay , group
chief economic adviser at State Bank of India.

Others were not so sanguine, suggesting the impact of demonetisation could
linger much longer, dragging down activity for many quarters.

\x93There are issues with the informal sector which is almost 45% of the economy
and 80% of the employment,\x93 said an economist, who did not want to be named.
For the agriculture sector, the pain may last even after fourth quarter, the
economist added. The government scrapped '500 and '1,000 notes with effect from
November 9 to unearth black money, fight corruption and weed out fake currency,
but the resultant cash crunch has hit economic activity, particularly the
cashbased unorganised sector.

Chief Statistician TCA Anant said all the current estimates are based on
assumption as there is no post demonetisation data available to ascertain the
impact of the move. \x93We are in the process of analysing all the data and we
will do the analysis in good time,\x93 said Chief Economic Adviser Arvind
Subramanian. \x93Uncertainty is on the monetary impact, short-term and long-term
benefits. Since we are in uncharted water, we need to get a lot of data and need
to put in a lot of analysis before we can come up something meaningfully
worthwhile to reflect on.\x93

INVESTMENTS WORRY

The agriculture sector grew 3.3% compared with 1.8% in the first quarter, helped
by better monsoon rains after two years of drought. The construction sector, a
big jobs generator, also performed better, growing 3.5% in the September quarter
against 1.5% in the previous three-month period.Manufacturing GVA growth slipped
to 7.1% from 9.1%.

Mining contraction deepened at 1.5% and all other major sector performed below
the first quarter. Consumption, both private and public, supported growth,
rising 7.6% and 15.6%, respectively . Investments emerged as the big concern
with

gross fixed capital formation declining 5.6% in the July-September quarter, and
a further knock from demonetisation is very likely. \x93With consumption taking
a severe hit during the thirds and fourth quarters due to de-legalisation of
currency , the time span for investment recovery will get even longer,\x93 said
Sunil Kumar Sinha, principal economist at India Ratings & Research.

Demand was expected to pick up with better farm output and boost from the recent
salary hikes for government employees.

\x93Investment remains weak and our

sense is that between the private and public capex, the former will remain a
drag,\x93 said Tushar Arora, senior economist at HDFC Bank, which cut India's
growth estimate for this year to 7.3% from 7.8% estimated earlier. Industry body
CII said it expects a rebound in investment going for

ward because of the \x93decisive measures to bring transparency in the system
and is committed to improve the investment cycle.\x93

HIGHER NOMINAL GROWTH

One silver lining in the numbers is the higher nominal GDP growth, which
suggests recovery in revenue growth for companies and better tax realisation for
the government. Nominal GDP, or national income estimated at current prices
without adjusting for inflation, rose 12.1% in the past quarter, up from 10.4%
in the previous period.

\x93There is good news in the sense that real GDP growth has picked up, so there
is a kind of steady improvement.There is some indication of some improvement in
underlying strength in the economy which is reflected in the fact that nominal
GDP growth has accelerated,\x93 Subramanian said.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

New jobs deal to tackle big dry

BYLINE: JOE KELLY

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 744  words


EXCLUSIVE The government will provide a special economic stimulus package aimed
at driving employment, growth and population stability in drought-ravaged
com-munities in Queensland and NSW.

Agriculture Minister Barn-aby Joyce is finalising the package with Tony Abbott,
who is driving the plan, to deliver funding for "shovel-ready projects" to
ensure people who are out of work in drought-affected communities have a reason
to stay on the land. The move recognises that rural assistance goes beyond the
farm gate.

The funding is yet to be finalised, but it is likely to be between $20 million
and $40m - some Nationals MPs are pushing for up to $70m - with Mr Joyce
confirming the money would go towards projects such as fencing, road works or
even ditch digging to lay fibre-optic cable.

Sources familiar with the process have confirmed the Prime Minister is looking
at how to fund the stimulus injection, one option being to bring forward money
for projects identified by councils under the Financial Assistance Grants
program.

While the exact criteria is yet to be set, priority will be given to local
government areas going into a third year of drought as well as other areas
experiencing economic hardship because of the harsh conditions.

Discussions have been held with a number of communities, -including the Walgett
Shire Council in NSW and Longreach Regional Council in Queensland, with a number
of projects identified including local club upgrades to roadworks.

"I've been in discussions with the Prime Minister about working out a more
direct package for those certain local government areas that are moving into the
third year of drought," Mr Joyce told The Australian.

"What this means is providing the capacity to bring forward projects that are of
use to provide liquidity for those local businesses.

"Once the farmers stop, the builders stop. Once the farmers stop, the mechanics
stop. Once the farmer stops, the casual work done by the folk in town stops."
The government has been facing pressure to provide broader -assistance, given
programs like the Farm Householder Allowance and the Farm Finance Concessional
Loans Scheme are narrowly targeted.

MPs have also argued that -because the drought is not classed as a natural
disaster it doesn't trigger emergency federal relief that flows for disasters
such as floods, bushfires and cyclones.

Of the 77 local government areas in Queensland, 44 have been drought declared,
covering about 75 per cent of the state. -Another 79 "individual droughted
property" declarations have been made in a further nine local government areas.

The Nationals have been pushing for greater relief to help -support rural
communities, with Queensland Senator Barry O'Sullivan warning assistance has
typic-ally "stopped at the farm gate" with communities still doing it tough.

"There are knock-on impacts within other businesses: cafes, -hotels, motels,
trading down 40 to 50 per cent â[#x20ac]¦ The people in the city are not
thinking about it," he told The Australian.

Senator O'Sullivan said the drought meant that, in rural communities, while
stocking rates had plummeted school numbers were also falling, business had cut
trading hours, staff were being let go and even kangaroos were now
"cannibalising the dead carcasses of other kangaroos".

"In our indolence in not attending upon this ... we will unintentionally destroy
an entire geographic sector if we're not careful," he said.

"The money that is injected must be spent with local labour, local material and
local subcontractors. There will need to be guidelines." Joe Owens, the mayor of
Longreach Regional Council in central Queensland, going into its third year of
drought, warned that the nearby township of Ilfracombe only had about five
months of water supply left.

He warned that some graziers in the greater council region had only 25 per cent
of stock left while others had none. "Certainly, without rain and without an
injection of cash into the economy, whether it be from governments or an
absolutely cracker of a tourist season, we need the foreign -dollars, as I call
them, coming into the areas out here to stimulate the cash flow or keep things
going," Mr Owens said.

"Undoubtedly, there probably has been a few leave town."There are a few people
who were employed on properties who are no longer employed that have moved on
... The smaller the town, the sooner they are affected by the drought; then, as
time goes on, the businesses start not having the cash flow."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Sunday Tribune (Ireland)

                                 April 21, 2002

Dogdays ahead?;
 Despite the success of greyhound racing, Bord na gCon expansion is under the
spotlight, writes Conor Brophy

BYLINE: Conor Brophy

SECTION:  Pg. 4

LENGTH: 986 words


BORD Na gCon expects annual attendance figures for the 16 greyhound tracks
around the country to top one million for the first time this year.

In fact, according to its estimates for 2002 the total attendance should work
out around double the figure for 1995, when current chairman Paschal Taggart and
chief executive Michael Field were appointed by the Department of Agriculture.

During that period the board has been credited with performing minor miracles in
getting the greyhound industry out of the traps and running.

The huge growth in crowds, betting, prize money, sponsorship and prices for dogs
are the most visible results.

The growth has been founded on a big investment, much of it government-funded,
in both stadiums and prize money. The strategy has been to spend big to provide
plush facilities to punters on the one hand and big incentives to breeders and
owners on the other.

Bord Na gCon is forecasting Euro 30m in tote betting this year compared to Euro
22.5 in 2001.

Financial controller Michael Foley said "that's where we generate the lion's
share of the money. Shelbourne will do Euro 9m on the tote and that will make a
Euro 1.6m contribution to operating costs". He said average betting per meeting
is up 24% on last year.

But as the board embarks on Phase 2 of its development programme, having secured
a Euro 12.7m bank loan over the next three years, there has been something of a
backlash. Questions have been asked about the financial health of the industry,
overspending on development and potential conflicts between members' business
interests and their roles on the board. In addition there is the small matter of
an upcoming complaint by a Northern Ireland track owner under EU law.

One of the most outspoken critics of the board is greyhound racing journalist
John Martin, who is less than confident in its ability to reap the rewards of
its Euro 38m, and counting, capital expenditure programme.

"There's no doubt they have done marvellous things, " he said. "They have spent
a lot of money on development and increased prize money but there is no way to
make the industry pay." Martin and others question the decision to borrow for
further capital expenditure and cast doubt on the board's cash flow situation.

Chairman Paschal Taggart, meanwhile, says the criticism is unfounded. He points
to the money it has made to fund the stadium development from sweating its
assets as an example of its business sense.

"Before we came on board they wanted to sell the whole of Harold's Cross for GBP
1m. We ended up getting GBP 10.7m for just four acres of the land." The revenue
generated by the three most successful tracks, Shelbourne Park.

Harold's Cross and Lifford, was just over Euro 25m last year.

Taggart explained that as the modern developments come on line they make up for
the losses on smaller "feeder tracks" such as Longford and Youghal.

"Because we are putting in GBP 350,000 prize money into each of those tracks and
we only get GBP 100,000 on the tote out of them we lose GBP 250,000 a year, " he
said.  "We know we're going to lose that money and we want to lose that money."
The theory is that the prize money at a smaller track is just the same as that
on a race night in Shelbourne Park. This provides a vital incentive to keep the
business alive throughout the country, said Taggart.

"Without keeping the industry alive through prize money, in those feeder areas
you can't support the big tracks, " he said.

Of the Euro 13.6m annual fund established by the Finance Bill for greyhound
racing over the next five years, half will go to prize money, helping to keep
smaller tracks afloat. This is the kind of state intervention that has irked
Northern Ireland track owner Paddy Owens of Ballyskeagh greyhound track in
Antrim. Owens is taking a case against Bord Na gCon and believes he has every
chance of success. "The Irish government has been giving state aid to the
greyhound industry that is incompatible with EU law, " he said.

Owens has enlisted the help of the UK government. "In December the UK Department
of Trade and Industry made enquiries of the Irish government and got no response
so we have to go to court and I'm very confident. I just don't think Charlie
McCreevy thought it through, " he said.

Taggart is unimpressed by this logic. "Look at it this way.

Wales and Scotland get government grants for computer companies that Irish
companies don't get". He said the board is prepared to fight its case in Europe
and is confident it will prevail.

Closer to home there are other questions to answer. Following the recent
appointment of Danny O'Reilly, whose company BCR prints the race cards for
Shelbourne Park, critics were quick to identify an apparent conflict of
interest.

Taggart refutes this, saying O'Reilly has nothing to do with the running of
Shelbourne Park and would have "no input into the tendering process if and when
printing tenders come up".

The involvement of another board member in the sale of Lifford Park has also
been queried. One industry source alleged that a member had been paid as an
"unofficial estate agent" in the sale. Taggart said the person in question had
"nothing to do with the sale. "It's just rumour and counter-rumour these days, "
he said.

Taggart appears mostly unruffled by the constant murmuring. "My biggest problem
in life is trying to get people a table at the restaurant in Cork Curraheen Park
Racetrack . I get more phone calls about that than anything else, " he said.

Bord Na gCon's accounts will be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor General
in May and from November it will be within the scope of the Freedom of
Information Act. So, if anything, the level of scrutiny and the number of
questions will increase. As the board continues to realise its ambitious plans
it hopes to provide suitable answers.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Attendance at greyhound races has doubled in seven years Bord na gCon
chairman Paschal Taggart, RIGHT

                     Copyright 2002 The Sunday Tribune plc


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

GDP Misses Estimate, Expands 7.3% in Q2

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 820 words


Economic growth picked up in the fiscal second quarter, boosted by a revival in
the farm sector and higher government consumption, but the momentum could now
lose some steam due to disruption caused by demonetisation.

The economy expanded 7.3% in the July-September quarter, data released by the
statistics office showed, faster than the 7.1% growth reported for the prior
three months, but below the 7.6% increase recorded in the year-earlier period.
It also missed economists' median estimate of 7.5%.

Gross value added (GVA) growth in the second quarter was 7.1%, slower than the
previous period's 7.3% expansion.GDP and GVA growth in the first half of the
year was 7.2%.

Experts said the growth could slip below 7% this fiscal year, and India could
lose the tag of the fastest growing major economy to China, which expanded 6.7%
in the July-September quarter.

\x93Going forward, no doubt we see an erosion in growth, given the shock of
demonetisation that has largely affected demand in the economy due to a
liquidity crunch, said Indranil Pan, chief economist at IDFC Bank, who predicted
the

full year growth at 6.9%.

He expects economic activity to improve \x93reasonably\x93 from the fourth
quarter, an assessment seconded by some others as well.

\x93We expect that the impact of demonetisation on GDP will not be so
significant as cash flow in the system is expected to improve considerably with
transactions gaining traction rapidly ,\x93 said Gautam Mukhopadhyay , group
chief economic adviser at State Bank of India.

Others were not so sanguine, suggesting the impact of demonetisation could
linger much longer, dragging down activity for many quarters.

\x93There are issues with the informal sector which is almost 45% of the economy
and 80% of the employment,\x93 said an economist, who did not want to be named.
For the agriculture sector, the pain may last even after fourth quarter, the
economist added. The government scrapped '500 and '1,000 notes with effect from
November 9 to unearth black money , fight corruption and weed out fake currency
, but the resultant cash crunch has hit economic activity , particularly the
cash-based unorganised sector.

Chief Statistician TCA Anant said all the current estimates are based on
assumption as there is no post demonetisation data available to ascertain the
impact of the move. \x93We are in the process of analysing all the data and we
will do the analysis in good time,\x93 said Chief Economic Adviser Arvind
Subramanian. \x93Uncertainty is on the monetary impact, short-term and long-term
benefits. Since we are in uncharted water, we need to get a lot of data and need
to put in a lot of analysis before we can come up something meaningfully
worthwhile to reflect on.\x93

INVESTMENTS WORRY

The agriculture sector grew 3.3% compared with 1.8% in the first quarter, helped
by better monsoon rains after two years of drought.The construction sector, a
big jobs generator, also performed better, growing 3.5% in the September quarter
against 1.5% in the previous three-month period. Manufacturing GVA growth
slipped to 7.1% from 9.1%. Mining contraction deepened at 1.5% and all other
major sector performed below the first

quarter. Consumption, both private and public, supported growth, rising 7.6% and
15.6%, respectively. Investments emerged as the big concern with gross fixed
capital formation declining 5.6% in the July-September quarter, and a further
knock from demonetisation is very likely. \x93With consumption taking a severe
hit during the thirds and fourth quarters due to de-legalisation of currency ,
the time span for investment recovery will get even longer,\x93 said Sunil Kumar
Sinha, principal economist at India Ratings & Research.

Demand was expected to pick up with better farm output and boost from the recent
salary hikes for government employees.

\x93Investment remains weak and our sense is that between the private and public
capex, the former will remain a drag,\x93 said Tushar Arora, senior economist at
HDFC Bank, which cut India's growth estimate for this year to 7.3% from 7.8%
estimated earlier. Industry body CII said it expects a rebound in investment
going forward because of the \x93decisive measures to bring transparency in the
system and is committed to improve the investment cycle.\x93

HIGHER NOMINAL GROWTH

One silver lining in the numbers is the higher nominal GDP growth, which
suggests recovery in revenue growth for companies and better tax realisation for
the government. Nominal GDP , or national income estimated at current prices
without adjusting for inflation, rose 12.1% in the past quarter, up from 10.4%
in the previous period.

\x93There is good news in the sense that real GDP growth has picked up, so there
is a kind of steady improvement. There is some indication of some improvement in
underlying strength in the economy which is reflected in the fact that nominal
GDP growth has accelerated,\x93 Subramanian said.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 1, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Essay;
Bush's Scandal

BYLINE: By WILLIAM SAFIRE

SECTION: Section A; Page 25; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Clinton-Gore campaign has finally discovered that George Bush has been
desperately trying to contain a major scandal called "Iraqgate." It's about
time.

The dimensions of the scandal were outlined by Senator Al Gore in a scorching
speech the other day. As Mr. Bush prepared to pervert the purpose of a
grain-export program to provide backdoor foreign aid to Saddam Hussein, this is
what we now know the President knew:

"In April 1989," Senator Gore charged, "a nuclear proliferation expert from the
Department of Energy reported intelligence indicators that Iraq had a crash
program under way to build an atomic bomb. . . ."

In September of that first Bush year in office, a high State Department official
acknowledged secretly that an F.B.I. raid on a corrupt Atlanta bank showed that
money mingled with loans guaranteed by our Department of Agriculture "appear to
have been used" to finance acquisition of sensitive military technology.

"In the same month," said the Vice-Presidential candidate, "the C.I.A. reported
to Secretary of State James Baker . . . that Iraq was clandestinely procuring
nuclear weapons technology through a global network of front companies."

And what did the Bush Administration do when informed that Iraq was using our
grain money to build nukes and missiles? It pressed for "an additional $1
billion in agricultural loan guarantees for Iraq, notwithstanding the
mushrooming scandal. . . ."

Nobody doubts that this decision was a colossal foreign policy blunder,
necessitating a war to clean it up. The question -- which Mr. Gore delicately
says he "will leave to others to debate" -- is whether the perversion of funds,
and its subsequent concealment, was illegal.

If there were serious doubts that Iraq was a creditworthy borrower under the
grain program, and if foreign policy advisers prevailed on Agriculture to ignore
the risk, then -- in the arcane language of the law -- somebody belongs in the
hoosegow.

Both the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve vigorously opposed loans to
Iraq at the time. In a memo to James Baker urging additional loans from the
Export-Import Bank, Under Secretary Robert Kimmitt referred to "Iraq's cash flow
problems and heavy debt load" and noted that "U.S. banks are cautious in
assessing Iraq's near-term risk. Eurobanks also take a cautious view. . . ."
(Despite the risk to taxpayers, Mr. Bush personally leaned on the incautious
Ex-Im chairman to make the loan to Saddam.)

I say that imperiling public funds in giving grain subsidies to a near-bankrupt
dictator -- when the President had good reason to suspect he was using our money
to build a nuclear missile -- is, in a word, corrupt.

Concealing this from Congress by altering damaging documents and fraudulently
classifying other documents compounds that corruption.

Impeding a criminal investigation into the fraud that cost American taxpayers $2
billion -- and in the end unprecedentedly resisting Congress's call for
court-appointed counsel -- blows this up into a major scandal.

In an Atlanta courtroom, a Federal judge unintimidated by scoldings from the
Coverup-General reviews raw C.I.A. reports about the swindle and says they
undermine Justice's claim that no higher-ups were involved. When a "prosecutor"
tries to shut him up on the basis of secrecy, the judge asks: "Why should they
continue to be classified if they don't affect national security?"

That is the same question House Banking chairman Henry Gonzalez has been asking.
Why has it taken so long to find out, for example, that the Italian Ambassador
was asked by Attorney General Thornburgh's chief of staff, "Why are we
worrying?" The Italian was further reassured that the scandal would be contained
in a later White House meeting with the Attorney General. Justice denies this.

Quis custodiet? Now that Justice's hand-picked "special" counsel has informed
the House leadership it is safe in his post office investigation, House
Judiciary chairman Jack Brooks has lost his zeal. Joe Biden of Senate Judiciary
has been out to lunch. Television news, except "60 Minutes," ho-hums: too
complicated, no visuals.

That's why it was important for the political opposition to make Iraqgate an
issue. Al Gore has his teeth in the scandal: look for it in the debates.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             October 2, 2006 Monday
                                  Main Edition

COTTON BAILOUT;
Aid flows even to city folk;
Far afield from a tractor, urban dwellers, other landowners get farm dollars.

BYLINE: KEN FOSKETT, DAN CHAPMAN, MEGAN CLARKE; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1623 words


Farm subsidies make for strange bedfellows.

Last year, federal taxpayers sent subsidy checks to media mogul Ted Turner, an
order of Franciscan nuns in Illinois and the Louisiana prison system.

What do they have in common? They own farmland.

In the confusing logic of farm programs, government subsidies flow to anyone who
produces an eligible commodity, regardless of whether farming is their
livelihood or whether they truly need financial aid. Sometimes, the
beneficiaries of farm subsidies don't even need to grow a crop.

Since 1995, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution found, the government has paid at
least $402 million in subsidies to people living in the nation's 10 largest
cities, often for farmland located hundreds of miles away.

Subsidies also help large institutions not normally associated with agriculture.
The programs have paid $113 million to government agencies, $90.9 million to
public schools and universities, and at least $6.8 million to insurance and
other Fortune 500 companies since 1995.

In Georgia, subsidy recipients include former Coca-Cola Chairman M. Douglas
Ivester and his wife, who are now among the largest private landowners in
southwest Georgia. Gov. Sonny Perdue has collected $278,679 for growing wheat
and cotton, among other crops, mainly on farmland in his native Houston County.
Perdue sold the farmland in 2004.

Former President Jimmy Carter and his family have collected $235,695, mostly in
peanut and conservation payments, through Carter Farms Inc., a family business.
The University of Georgia collects subsidies on its research farms scattered
across the state --- $1.45 million in the past 11 years.

Turner, one of the largest private landowners in the country, has collected
subsidies on crop and ranchland in four states. More than half the subsidies
paid to Turner since 1995 were for conservation.

Jim Kennedy, chairman of Cox Enterprises Inc., which owns the
Journal-Constitution, has collected $123,131 in subsidies since 1995. Half of
Kennedy's subsidies have come from conservation payments set up before he bought
the land. The rest were crop subsidy payments initiated by farmers leasing his
land, a spokesman for Kennedy said.

Recipients of conservation payments say they protect farmland from environmental
degradation and preserve wildlife habitat and much-needed green space in
fast-growing communities. Under the $1.9 billion-a-year program, landowners
contract to keep their land out of agricultural production for up to 15 years.

"What we're really trying to do with these conservation payments is to maintain
these resources for the long term, for future generations. Once they're gone,
they're gone. You can only erode it or pollute it so many times," said James Lee
Adams of Camilla, a retired farmer and official with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. "When everybody benefits, everybody ought to pay to some degree."

'Don't turn money down'

Some recipients say they are entitled to the aid just as much as traditional
farmers because they grow an eligible crop.

"We don't turn money down," said Perry Stagg, chief financial officer for prison
enterprises with the Louisiana prison system, which grows 3,200 acres of
soybeans, cotton and other crops on its farms. "They send it to us and we put it
in the bank."

But critics of farm programs, including some farmers, argue that taxpayer aid
should be reserved for those whose livelihoods depend on farming, not for hobby
farmers or those taking advantage of the subsidy simply because it's there.

"At a time when resources are so scarce, at best we should be steering the
payments to working farms and to people who have their butts on tractor seats on
a regular basis," said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Working Group, a
Washington-based nonprofit organization.

In 2001, the EWG began listing subsidy recipients online in a searchable
database, calling attention to the number of businesses, government agencies,
universities and other nonfarmers taking advantage of taxpayer aid.

In 2002, Congress adopted a new farm bill that disqualified applicants with
adjusted gross incomes of more than $2.5 million. The income cap exempted
governments, universities and farming operations that derive at least 75 percent
of their income from farming.

The USDA cannot say how many have been disqualified by the cap, or whether it
has saved taxpayers money. When the rule was implemented in 2003, it was
projected to save $22 million over five years.

The USDA is now assessing compliance with the income cap, said James Baxa, a
USDA official.

"Maybe in a year we'll have some sense," Baxa said.

Investors moving in

Historically, crop subsidies were tied to production, which steered payments to
working farmers. But two of the largest subsidy programs are now "decoupled"
from production and tied to cropland, making the owners eligible for payments
even if their principal business isn't farming.

Decoupling subsidies from production came during the past decade as foreign
growers pressed for U.S. farmers to make planting decisions based on the market,
not the subsidy. Now, for example, landowners receive a direct subsidy that is
based on the historical yield and productivity of the land, not what's actually
grown. The subsidy is paid even if no crop is grown.

As a result, cropland has become attractive for investors who recognize that it
can generate hefty rents from farmers.

"The subsidies have caused the land rent to skyrocket," said Jerry McKinnon, who
farms 2,300 acres of cotton and peanuts in and around Coffee County. "Investors
come in and knock out the American farmer."

Subsidy critics deride the conservation payments, arguing that the payments
reward landowners for what is already in their best interest --- preserving the
land.

"I don't think we need subsidies in order to bribe farmers to not destroy their
own resources," said Brian Riedl, a senior budget analyst for the Heritage
Foundation, a Washington think tank that opposes most farm subsidies.

Even subsidy proponents, such as Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), chairman of the
Senate Agriculture Committee, believe that subsidy rules permit too many
nontraditional farmers to collect.

"I hope in the next farm bill we can get away from that and have payments that
only go to producers, not to the folks who own the land but don't grow the
crops," Chambliss said in an interview. "There is no question that there are
abuses out there, and we are going to address that in the next farm bill."

Meanwhile, farm subsidies help pay for public education in Montana and
agricultural research in Indiana.

Montana leases 500,000 state-owned acres to farmers, qualifying for $35.4
million in subsidies since 1995. The state uses the subsidy money for public
schools and its university system.

Purdue University in Indiana, like many colleges located in farming states,
collects subsidies on its research farms, enabling it to help underwrite
agricultural research by faculty.

The Sisters of the Third Order of St. Francis operates hospitals and health care
facilities in Illinois and Michigan, generating $2.5 billion in revenue last
year. For years, the Franciscan order has also earned anywhere from $2,000 to
$57,000 a year from farming subsidies.

Daniel Baker, the hospital system's chief financial officer, said the sisters
got into farming reluctantly after receiving a large bequest of farmland in the
late 1970s or early 1980s. Since then, the order has gradually sold off the land
and all but gotten out of agriculture.

"We never wanted to be in the farming business," said Baker. "It's always been
an issue for us."

Contact staff writer Ken Foskett at kfoskett@ajc.com, staff writer Dan Chapman
at dchapman@ajc.com, and computer-assisted reporting specialist Megan Clarke at
mclarke@ajc.com.

* * *

Who qualifies for a check?

Full-time working farmers are not the only beneficiaries of federal farm
subsidies. Anyone who owns farmland can collect the payments, even if they live
elsewhere or if it's not being cultivated. Subsidy supporters say that's fair to
everyone, but critics say payments should be limited to those who truly need
them. Here's a sampling of subsidy recipients since 1995:

Ted Turner, $797,772

University of Georgia, $1.45 million

Chevron, $485,956

M. Douglas Ivester, ex-Coke chair, wife, $1.3 million

Family wealth

Richard & Seward Mellon, banking heirs: $2.2 million

David Rockefeller, ex-chairman, Chase Manhattan: $553,782

Family of Sam Walton, Wal-Mart founder: $254,276

Big business

John Hancock, life insurance: $3.1 million

Prudential, life insurance: $1.1 million

Caterpillar Inc., construction equipment: $324,179

Colleges and universities

University of Illinois: $4.1 million

Purdue University: $2.1 million

Iowa State University: $2.1 million

Holy farmers

Community of Christ, Jackson County, Mo.: $940,724

United Pentecostal Church, Hugoton, Kansas: $417,451

Sisters of the Third Order of St. Francis, Knox County, Ill.: $224,719

Government handouts

Montana Department of Natural Resources: $35.4 million

Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections: $1.03 million

Georgia Department of Natural Resources: $243,431

Note: Subsidy amounts are totals for 1995-2005 and include crop, conservation
and disaster payments. Recipients may not have collected subsidies every year.

Source: Staff analysis of USDA data by MEGAN CLARKE / Computer-assisted
reporting specialist

* * *

SUNDAY: Subsidies prop up big cotton farmers and make it tougher for smaller
growers to compete.

TODAY: Washington makes it easy for farmers to get around subsidy limits.

TUESDAY: Why did the USDA settle an $11.2 million claim against a Georgia farmer
accused of cheating taxpayers?

NEXT SUNDAY: U.S. subsidies distort prices for farmers around the world and feed
hostility toward America.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COTTON BAILOUT

GRAPHIC: Photo: A wad of money/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: The U.S. Capitol building/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: A wooden cross/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: A graduation cap, books, diploma/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: University of Georgia mascot, Uga./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: M. Douglas Ivester/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: W.A. BRIDGES JR. / StaffReady-to-pick cotton blankets a field in South
Georgia. Some people collect farm subsidies on land hundreds of miles from their
homes./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Ted Turner/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: A Chevron gas station sign/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: A capsule of cotton/ImageData* ImageData*
Graphic: A arrow indicating rising prices/ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 31, 1990 Saturday

Ottawa to aid farmers,   if provinces pay half

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 676 words


BY OLIVER BERTIN
The Globe and Mail
 The federal government is offering up to $1-billion to Canada's cash-
strapped farmers, but only if the provinces pay half the tab.

The $1-billion subsidy was announced by federal Agriculture Minister
Donald Mazanowski yesterday at the conclusion of a federal-provincial
meeting of agriculture ministers.

Western farmers and politicians, however, aren't sure they want the
money under those conditions.

Premier Grant Devine of Saskatchewan was highly critical of the federal
offer.

He told a press conference in Regina that he had already committed
$255-million to his province's farmers and couldn't afford to pay any
more.

"The money is just not there," an aide added later.

Mr. Devine insisted that Ottawa pay the shot because the situation has
been caused by a trade war between the European Community and the United
States and as such is a federal responsibility.

The aid program is far smaller than Saskatchewan says it needs. Mr.
Devine has demanded $500-million cash immediately - for his province alone
- so wheat farmers can get their seed in the ground. They need another
$400-million in the fall and a $1-billion contingency fund to handle
future problems, his aide said.

"The provinces haven't flatly refused cost-sharing and we are not
asking for a dollar-by-dollar matching," Mr. Mazankowski said. "We will
look at what each province is doing."

"Farmers are extremely grateful," said Ray Howe, first vice-president
of the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool. "But there's a feeling here that we have
an international problem and it is the federal government's
responsibility" to defray the cost of the program.

"This does cause me some concern, coming from a have-not province,"
said William Strath, president of Manitoba Pool Elevators, the largest
grain-handler in the province. "We don't have the resources" to pay our
share.

He said the "rich" provinces of Ontario, Quebec and British Columbia
could benefit the most from the program - even though they need it least -
because they can afford to match Ottawa's payments.

"These are difficult times for Canadian farmers," Mr. Mazankowski said,
referring to persistent pleas for help from Western Canada, where farm
incomes have fallen by about $1-billion this year from the long-term
average.

Saskatchewan wheat farmers have suffered the most, he said, because a
long series of droughts has shrivelled their crops and the continuing
trade war between Europe and the United States has cut grain prices to
rock-bottom levels.

But Mr. Mazankowski said Ottawa was also strapped for cash because of
the need to pay off the deficit, and he could not bear the cost of the
entire program alone.

"It is not easy for any level of government to dig deeper, and it is
certainly not easy for any level of government struggling to control a
huge national debt."

The details of the aid program have not yet been decided, but Mr.
Mazankowski said about $450-million of the federal contribution would be
paid to western grain farmers, and the remainder to other groups across
Canada who have suffered financially.

He referred specifically to fruit growers in British Columbia and the
Niagara Peninsula of Ontario, corn producers and the Maritime livestock
industry.

"Thousands of farmers face cash-flow problems at a time of year when
they need money to put in their crops," he said. "Farmers and their
creditors need a signal from federal and provincial governments that we
will continue to stand by our farm community."

He said the funds will be divided up among the provinces on the basis
of financial need, but he intends to remain flexible.

"We are willing to consider any package of new initiatives with
individual provinces that will clearly improve the bottom line income
situation of farmers," he said.

Mr. Mazankowski promised to sit down with the provinces late next week
after his return from Poland and Belgium to discuss the specifics of the
program.

He said he is open to suggestion from the provinces, so long as they
pay their share and the subsidies don't harm the environment or invite
retaliatory action from other trading nations.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 12, 2010 Sunday

More farmers work away from fields to pay bills

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 741 words


FRESNO, Calif. (AP) - More than half of America's farmers work a job off the
farm to make ends meet, according to figures from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

In California and throughout the country, farmers open up their land to
tourists, set up roadside stands and travel the farmers market circuit, but they
also moonlight as mechanics, pool cleaners and even authors. They make jam and
paint landscapes, work at banks and own businesses in order for the farm to
survive.

Farmers such as John Mesrobian, 62, who grows grapes near Fresno, Calif., said
he'd like to farm full time but still must spend much of his time at his
document shredding business.

"The plan was to slowly let go of my business and farm full time but,
financially, that's not possible," Mesrobian said.

And so he became one of many moonlighting farmers, working an outside job in the
day and spending the evenings and weekends clearing the rows, applying
fertilizer and spraying for weeds.

The trend of farmers taking on other jobs to help pay the bills is hardly new -
Mesrobian remembers his farmer father working as a tailor for Sears - but the
figure has grown from 55 percent in 2002 to 65 percent in 2007. In California,
it has remained a bit steadier, at about 50 percent in both 2002 and 2007.

, according the latest figures from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Census
of Agriculture.

The frequency of working off the farm has also grown substantially over the last
75 years, according to a report by the USDA's Economic Research Service, which
conducts the farm survey every five years.

In 1929, only one in 16 farmers in the nation reported working 200 days or more
off the farm. By 1947, one in six farmers reported that much off-farm work, and
by 1997, the ratio was one in three farmers. The 2007 survey reported that
almost 900,000 farmers worked more than 200 days a year in other jobs.

"I'm not the exception. It's the norm now for a lot of small-scale farmers to
have full-time jobs off the ranch," said Steve Spate, 50, who grows raisin
grapes on 200 acres south of Fresno. He also works as a representative for the
Raisin Bargaining Association, a job that has him out meeting and recruiting
other growers to the group.

Most farms in the United States are small operations, with 60 percent of all
farms reporting less than $10,000 in sales of agricultural products. Of the 2.2
million farms nationwide, less than half show profit from their farms. The
remaining 1.2 million depend on non-farm income to cover farm expenses.

"It's difficult to pay yourself, as a farmer, the money you deserve," Spate
said. "And the money you do make, you put back into the farm."

Farmers said another job adds stability as well as cash flow.

"As a farmer, you have to worry about the weather and how your crops are going
to price that year," Mesrobian said. "At least working a full-time job helps
with insurance and benefits, helps cover your family."

It's a difficult balancing act, Mesrobian acknowledged,.

"How do you do both and still spend the time you need to with your family?
There's no price on that," he said.

For farmer Dino Petrucci, trying to balance both proved to be too much.

Petrucci used to farm grapes in Madera, Calif., and run a catering business but
now leases his land for pomegranate production and has scaled down to barbecuing
on the weekends.

Others have found creative ways to add income from home.

David Mas Masumoto writes columns for his local paper and detailed his struggles
with his organic farm in "Epitaph for a Peach: Four Seasons on My Family Farm,"
published by HarperCollins.

Paul Buxman taught art to keep his Sweet Home Ranch going, where 30 varieties of
peaches, plums and nectarines grow in Fresno County. The 63-year-old now paints
portraits and landscapes of farmland, which sell in area galleries.

Even though it can be tough going, Spate said he does it for the love of
farming.

Spate is a fourth generation farmer and his 22-year-old son, who helps on the
farm, will likely become the fifth generation following the same tired
footsteps, he said.

"We don't think about it like any other business. Maybe we should," Spate said.
"But it's not. For a lot of us it's more of a passion, I guess. It's a love."

And Mesrobian, whose 80 acres haven't turned a profit in two or three years,
said he remains hopeful.

"Farmers as a group are generally optimistic people," he said. "We're always
looking forward to the next year to be a good year."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                April 8, 2004 Thursday All-round Country Edition

Delay in Murray flow 'catastrophic'

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Andrew McGarry

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 390 words


ANY move to delay the release of water critical to boost environmental flows on
the Murray would be disastrous for the river, a scientific expert warned
yesterday.

Peter Cullen, head of the Wentworth Group of scientists who drafted the
blueprint to revive the Murray, condemned the recommendation of the federal
parliamentary committee on agriculture to put off the release of 500 gigalitres
of water into the Murray.

Speaking in Adelaide, Professor Cullen said he expected John Howard to honour
statements by senior Liberals committing the Government to the release.

He criticised the committee's call to divert money from the $500 million fund
for the river's restoration into additional scientific research on its problems.
The $500 million "was meant to get water back for the river, and we don't want
to see it squandered", he said. "In my view the science is absolutely solid, and
there has not been to my mind any credible attack on that science. To not
proceed now would be a catastrophic decision for the Murray."  The 500
gigalitres (about 500,000 Olympic-sized pools) was a first step, and he hoped if
it was allowed to go ahead the results would convince opponents the decision was
the right one. "There may be some people who think a healthy river is a waste of
water -- I'm not one of them," Professor Cullen said.

"A healthy river is the foundation for the society we've got, both urban and
rural, and if we let our foundations collapse, so will the rest of our society."

  Federal Agriculture Minister Truss "has already come out and said they're
proceeding with the Living Murray decisions, and I would expect the Prime
Minister to support that".

Other scientists have expressed their anger over the decision.

Gary Jones, head of the Co-operative Research Centre for Freshwater Ecology,
said the committee's report has "just totally discounted millions of dollars of
public investment in research over the years, in favour of the loud voices of
two lobbyists".

The committee relied heavily on submissions from two scientists -- Jennifer
Marohasy, head of the environment unit at the right-wing think tank the
Institute of Public Affairs, and Lee Benson of the Ecology Management firm, who
was hired by Murray Irrigation to investigate the science behind last year's
Living Murray initiative.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               March 21, 1996, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Everglades get help in farm bill

BYLINE: JENNIFER S. THOMAS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 381 words



Congressional negotiators agreed Wednesday to include as much as $ 300-million
in the farm bill for the purchase of environmentally sensitive land in the
Everglades.

If the bill is approved, $ 200-million will be available to Interior  Secretary
Bruce Babbitt for land acquisition in the Everglades and other  projects aimed
at restoring natural water flow in the region.

The other $ 100-million would come from the sale of surplus federal land in
Florida, not including military bases.

"This is a time in which the Everglades have been recognized as a natural
resource treasure and frankly, Florida has been recognized as a national
political resource," said Sen. Bob Graham, D-Fla.

Graham added that individuals with "addresses in Kansas and addresses in
Arkansas" are taking a keen interest in Florida this presidential election
year.

Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole is expected to hold a news conference  heralding
the agreement today. With his help, the Senate included $ 200-million  for the
Everglades in its farm bill. The House put $ 210-million in its version  of the
legislation, which also sets agriculture policy for the nation. But the  funding
appeared to be in jeopardy last week when House Speaker Newt Gingrich,  who had
initially voiced support for the Everglades money, wrote a letter to  his top
House negotiator urging him to explore the possibility of using a land  swap to
acquire the Everglades land.

Gingrich's turnabout touched off a flurry of behind-the-scenes lobbying on
behalf of the Everglades by Graham, Florida GOP Sen. Connie Mack, West Palm
Beach GOP Rep. Mark Foley and Dole.

Environmentalists want to use the money to acquire hundreds of acres of  land
south of Lake Okeechobee and set it aside to cleanse water flowing  through the
huge sawgrass marsh.

In the end, the deal included more than environmentalists were expecting.  The $
200-million earmarked for the Everglades is to be used between July 31 of  this
year and Dec. 31, 1999.

The additional $ 100-million - raised from the sale of surplus lands - is
contingent upon an equal match from the state. A Graham aide cautioned that  the
funds from surplus land sale would likely be much slower in materializing  than
the larger share.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 9, 1999 Tuesday

BYLINE: Philip Brasher

LENGTH: 363 words


WASHINGTON -- With milk prices collapsing, the Agriculture Department said
Monday it was releasing $200 million in assistance that Congress earmarked for
dairy producers in last year's farm bailout. Producers could get up to $5,000
each under the one-time program. At the time that Congress passed the $6 billion
relief bill last fall, dairy prices were at record levels.

But dairy-state lawmakers made sure that money was set aside for milk producers,
and USDA waited to release the money until prices dropped. ""Smaller dairy
farmers are already being hurt by conditions beyond their control,'' Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman said in a speech to the National Farmers Union in
Springfield, Ill. ""More declines in the price of milk will put many of them in
serious financial difficulties. This payment program will help many of them
survive this decrease in prices.'' USDA's benchmark price indicator for milk
dropped by more than a third last Friday, the steepest monthly decline ever.
Economists attribute the drop to market forces. Milk production is up more than
3 percent from a year ago, stimulated by the strong market last fall, and
consumption typically declines in the winter. The payments, which will be
targeted to family-size operations, are limited to the approximate production of
a 150-cow herd. ""This formula ensures that diary producers across the country
will share equitably,'' said Jerry Kozak, chief executive officer of the
National Milk Producers Federation. The group had proposed a cap of 200 cows. A
$5,000 check is the equivalent of 1 percent to 2 percent of a 150-cow farm's
annual revenue. ""To any one dairy farmer $5,000 is probably a small factor.
Certainly it's not irrelevant ... but it's not going to be the biggest item in
their cash flow,'' said Rep. David Minge, D-Minn. Farmers may apply for the
assistance starting April 12. Meanwhile, USDA announced Monday that it was
extending to April 9 a deadline for farmers to apply for assistance for crops
that were lost to drought and other weather disasters. The deadline had been
this Friday. ""We want to make sure that everyone who's eligible has a chance to
participate,'' Glickman said.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 9, 1999 Tuesday

BYLINE: Philip Brasher

LENGTH: 363 words


WASHINGTON -- With milk prices collapsing, the Agriculture Department said
Monday it was releasing $200 million in assistance that Congress earmarked for
dairy producers in last year's farm bailout. Producers could get up to $5,000
each under the one-time program. At the time that Congress passed the $6 billion
relief bill last fall, dairy prices were at record levels.

But dairy-state lawmakers made sure that money was set aside for milk producers,
and USDA waited to release the money until prices dropped. ""Smaller dairy
farmers are already being hurt by conditions beyond their control,'' Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman said in a speech to the National Farmers Union in
Springfield, Ill. ""More declines in the price of milk will put many of them in
serious financial difficulties. This payment program will help many of them
survive this decrease in prices.'' USDA's benchmark price indicator for milk
dropped by more than a third last Friday, the steepest monthly decline ever.
Economists attribute the drop to market forces. Milk production is up more than
3 percent from a year ago, stimulated by the strong market last fall, and
consumption typically declines in the winter. The payments, which will be
targeted to family-size operations, are limited to the approximate production of
a 150-cow herd. ""This formula ensures that diary producers across the country
will share equitably,'' said Jerry Kozak, chief executive officer of the
National Milk Producers Federation. The group had proposed a cap of 200 cows. A
$5,000 check is the equivalent of 1 percent to 2 percent of a 150-cow farm's
annual revenue. ""To any one dairy farmer $5,000 is probably a small factor.
Certainly it's not irrelevant ... but it's not going to be the biggest item in
their cash flow,'' said Rep. David Minge, D-Minn. Farmers may apply for the
assistance starting April 12. Meanwhile, USDA announced Monday that it was
extending to April 9 a deadline for farmers to apply for assistance for crops
that were lost to drought and other weather disasters. The deadline had been
this Friday. ""We want to make sure that everyone who's eligible has a chance to
participate,'' Glickman said.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 5, 1994 Sunday

LENGTH: 977 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- For decades, the government has worked hard to dike, dam and
rechannel the nation's big rivers for economic interests ranging from
agriculture to flood control. Now, an emerging trend places greater emphasis on
nature and keeping man's works out of flood plains. Two recent decisions by the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and a Clinton administration task force examining
the 1993 Midwest floods signify a fundamental shift away from the old way of
managing rivers like the Missouri and Mississippi. ""The corps must protect
people from floods and keep barge and port traffic flowing,'' said Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman Max Baucus, D-Mont.

""But the corps must also recognize the value of its other missions. The corps
must safeguard the rivers, and the fish in them, and the wetlands that surround
them,'' he said. For most of this century, the focus has been on building things
to alter the river's natural flows and environment to suit industry, farming and
local townspeople. After a devastating 1927 flood, Congress approved legislation
that ultimately led to building of 2,200 miles of levees and 76 reservoirs along
the Mississippi and Missouri river basins. They protect urban centers, small
villages and some of the nation's best farmland. Then in the 1940s, six dams
were built along the upper Missouri River to provide recreation upstream and to
control water flow downstream for barge traffic between Sioux City, Iowa, and
St. Louis. A couple of recent events have changed this status quo: the
catastrophic flood that did $12 billion in damage in nine Midwest states -- and
siphoned $4.2 billion in aid out of the federal treasury -- and the listing of
two birds and an ancient fish as federally endangered species. A draft report
released by an interagency task force formed by President Clinton to review
flood protection has concluded the focus no longer should be solely keeping
water away from buildings, roads and land that lie along the river's natural
path. Army Brig. Gen. Jerry Galloway, executive director of the task force, said
that in the 21st Century a flood plain should look much different than it does
now. ""You would probably see less structures in the flood plain. You would
still see agriculture. You would see critical infrastructure like water plants
either moved out or better protected so they're not put out of action. You would
certainly see urban areas well protected,'' he said. Railroads and highways
could be elevated. Parks and wildlife refuges would occupy some bottomland,
while farms still would exist behind lower levees in other areas. Better
stormwater runoff systems would be installed. The unprecedented success of the
federal buyout program -- in which people voluntarily sell homes, land and
businesses in flood-prone areas to the government and move to higher ground --
is a prime example of the new approach. o far, some 5,000 structures in 150
communities are being relocated through the program. A program to convert flood
plain acreage into wetlands that once covered the region is also a success, with
120,000 Midwest acres enrolled in the program and a line of farmers waiting for
a chance to sell. Environmentalists say wetlands can reduce the impact of floods
by absorbing excess water. Galloway, who's academic dean at the U.S. Military
Academy at West Point, said Congress and the Clinton administration must do more
to ensure the government can try these innovative approaches, including spending
more money. Equally as important is changing the deep-set attitudes of many
agencies. ""Some of the regulations we have in the federal government tend to
focus on the pure economics and do not allow consideration of such things as the
environmental quality and social good that can come out of a project,'' he said.
""There are ome things you can't specifically put into dollars.'' The other big
recent decision that could change the course of river management involves the
corps and its operation of the Missouri River. The corps has proposed an attempt
to mimic the once-natural flow of the ""Big Muddy'' by using its dams to release
more water duing the spring and reduce flows in winter. The change would benefit
the reproductive and migration cycles of the pallid sturgeon, a prehistoric fish
now listed as an endangered species, and help restore habitat for the endangered
interior least tern and piping plover. Doing this, however, would increase the
likelihood of spring floods and shave a month off the Missouri River barge
traffic season. The proposal has brought howls from the shipping industry and
from some members of Congress. Rep. Bill Emerson and Sen. Christopher Bond, both
Missouri Republicans, contend the move violates a 1944 law that made flood
control and navigation the corps' top priorities for management of the river.
""It seems under the Clinton administration that this preservationist attitude
is ever closer to becoming reality,'' Emerson said. ""I firmly believe the human
element must be considered in environmental issues.'' No decision is intended to
tear down levees that protect people or stop navigation on the rivers. In fact,
the flood task force report points out levees probably saved $19 billion more in
potential damage last year, especially in Kansas City, Mo., and St. Louis. But
the proposed changes do indicate a new realization that flooding is a natural
phenomenon, one that actually improves the long-term health of rivers,
environmentalists said. ""We face a simple choice,'' the Sierra Club said in a
statement. ""We can continue to fight our rivers at enormously increasing cost
and little likelihood of success, or we can modify our behavior and come to
terms with the inevitability of flooding.''

CUTLINE Some question whether the Missouri River management should focus on
human needs or the environment.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

MP welcomes fencing money

BYLINE: Sally Cripps

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 417 words


While welcoming last week's announcement of a full $5m for wild dog check
fencing from the state government, the Member for Gregory Lachlan Millar is
disappointed the money still isn't hitting the ground straight away.

Agriculture Minister Bill Byrne said last Wednesday he would restore the full $5
million promised for cluster fencing, after $500,000 had been siphoned off for a
loan scheme pilot study by previous Agriculture Minister Leanne Donaldson, and
that he would get the money out by Christmas.

"This is a very welcome and decisive approach, ending seven wasted months under
the previous minister," said Mr Millar.

He remained frustrated that the Remote Area Planning and Development Board would
have to re-tender for the money available, when 11 assessed projects were on the
starting blocks.

Mr Millar said the process put in place by the government to access the promised
money "just chews money up in administration, and there is always the
uncertainty that they may miss out altogether."

He said the program was about fenceposts in the ground and wire up, rather than
red tape.

"We have momentum at the moment and we don't need it to be stalled."

At the time, then-Minister Leanne Donaldson dismissed the comments, saying Mr
Millar had been a senior ministerial staffer in an LNP government that paid lip
service to the real needs of the bush and did very little to tackle the scourge
of wild dogs.

"It took a Labor government to galvanise all levels of government, producers and
land management groups to develop a successful cluster fencing program that is
having proven results on the ground.

"I am sure producers will find his criticisms of the Feral Pest Initiative
hypocritical and ironic."

She said that DAF recognised RAPAD and SW NRM had potential projects ready for
future funding and said DAF would continue to work with them, but added that the
pilot project was taking on something new in looking to assist producers who
fall between the cracks and may not be eligible for existing QRAA or other
loans, but that with some support may become viable and productive.

RAPAD general manager David Arnold was philosophical about the ongoing delay.

"In an ideal world, the money is there, the cluster applications are all in a
line, they've gone through a transparent process, but it didn't happen.

"We'll just have to go with the flow."

He acknowledged there were people who would love to fence but either their
neighbour didn't want to or they couldn't afford to, for whom a loan scheme may
suit.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 28, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Plot thickens for ketchup

BYLINE: Martha T. Moore; Andrea Stone

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 234 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is catching up to ketchup.

The USDA plans to come up to speed on its ketchup grading standards - by slowing
down. By current standards, ketchup that oozes 9 centimeters in 30 seconds -
measured with a ''consistometer'' - is rated Grade A. But today, that's
considered distastefully speedy.

''Ketchup is tending to be thicker and people prefer it that way,'' says Eric
Forman, deputy director of the USDA's fruit and vegetable division. Most ketchup
sold in supermarkets flows at a mere 4 centimeters to 6.5 centimeters per 30
seconds. Under the proposed standard, ketchup that travels 3 centimeters to 7
centimeters in 30 seconds will be considered Grade A.

The move ends years of anticipation for ketchup makers. The USDA hasn't changed
its ketchup code since 1953. H.J. Heinz Co. says the change will allow thick
ketchup makers to bid on government contracts that require strict adherence to
USDA grades.

Had Heinz been able to bid on military contracts, spokeswoman Beth Adams says,
gulf soldiers might have been spared the dehydrated ketchup they were served
with rations. (The company did send 500,000 single-serving ketchup packets to
troops for free.)

The USDA is working its way through the condiments: Last week it revised pickle
standards for the first time in 20 years. ''We don't have anything (planned) for
relish right now,'' Forman says.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Insiders

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 9, 2009 Friday

County struggles to stay afloat

BYLINE: Susan Meeker, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words


Jan. 9--Glenn County officials are keeping tabs on a cash-flow problem as funds
from state coffers continue to dry up.

Finance Director Don Santoro told county lawmakers Tuesday that the county is
just barely staying "ahead of the game" in covering its payroll and other
expenses.

"We won't be bouncing any checks, but we're very close to operating in the red,"
Santoro said.

Santoro said the county has always had a cash-flow problem because the state
reimburses the county for programs already paid out  however  with the state's
growing deficit, the county is seeing far more IOUs from the state than cold,
hard cash, he said.

"When the state gets behind in paying for its social problems, the county takes
a big hit," he said. "If we don't have cash, we don't have interest income. So,
we're also losing revenue."

Santoro said that within a month, the county could be forced to borrow money
from the bank in order to meets its payroll, resulting in the county having to
pay out money in interest.

County officials said they don't expect the budget woes of the state to be
resolved anytime soon without a huge impact on small counties.

Glenn County Chief Administrative Officer David Shoemaker said Tuesday the
future of  Williamson Act subvention payments looks bleak, as does the future of
rural law enforcement grant funding.

Shoemaker said counties that enroll farmers in Williamson Act contracts -- so
they can save money on property taxes in exchange for keeping the land for
agriculture use -- rely on subventions for a portion of county general fund
revenues. The subventions are important, Shoemaker said, because the money pays
for unrestricted general fund expenses, which include personnel funding for
public safety and other public services.

This year, Williamson Act subventions statewide totals approximately $34.7
million, of which Glenn County is owed $1.7 million. The state is already two
years behind in reimbursing the county, Shoemaker said, and has  reduced the
amount owed Glenn County this year by 10 percent, or $107,000, as part of the
governor's "across the board" budget cuts.

Shoemaker predicts that the loss of the Williamsom Act entirely could result in
a massive layoff of county personnel.

The rural law enforcement funds amount to about $500,000 for Glenn County, and
its loss would also result in the loss of public safety personnel, Shoemaker
said.

Shoemaker said both programs have been on the chopping block for the past five
years, but neither affect the "metropolitan majority," and therefore have a real
chance of being eliminated as a way to help bridge the state's looming $42.5
billion deficit.

Supervisor Tracey Quarne said the county must consider changing the way it does
business, including reducing the amount the county spends on technology,
combining some county and city services and the consideration of a major
restructuring of departments.

"It's not as simple as saving $10,000 here and $10,000 there," Quarne said. "We
have now reached the point where it's serious."

Quarne said the supervisors would look at various plans, including economic
development programs, and report to the board for discussion and possible
action.

To see more of the Orland Press Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orland-press-register.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Orland Press Register,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090109-YI-County-struggles-to-stay-afloat-0109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           February 13, 2016 Saturday

Richard Lochhead announces funding package to help farmers

BYLINE: Andrew Whitaker

LENGTH: 529  words


THE launch of a Scottish government hardship fund of £20 million offering loans
to farmers still waiting for European Union (EU) subsidies has been criticised
by MSPs as "an admission of failure" by ministers.

Rural affairs minister Richard Lochhead told the National farmers Union Scotland
(NFUS) that a new scheme - backed by the £20m funding - would allow more farmers
and crofters to get loans while waiting for the EU payments.

However, the union warned that the aid promised by Mr Lochhead at its conference
in St Andrews would only help farmers hit by the delays if it was delivered
quickly.

Mr Lochhead announced the package for the industry yesterday, as he came under
pressure at the NFUS annual general meeting about a cash flow crisis facing
farmers in Scotland.

Delays in the EU's new basic payment scheme (BPS) mean that around 60 per cent
of farmers and crofters in Scotland are still waiting for their payments to be
made.

The scheme, which is part of the EU's common agricultural policy (CAP),
represents the main subsidy to farmers in Scotland and is administered by the
Scottish Government.

The EU payments to farmers have been affected by major issues with the IT system
used to administer them, while the Scottish Government has said the complexities
of the CAP system had hindered the process.

Mr Lochhead told the NFUS that the £20mScottish Government funding would "ease
cash flow pressure" on farmers.

He said: "We will work with NFUS, banks and others to finalise the detail of the
scheme and ensure it is available as quickly as possible and simple to access."

However, opposition MSPs accused the Scottish Government of failing to deliver
the cash set aside by the EU for farmers and claimed a loans system was a poor
substitute.

Scottish Liberal Democrat rural affairs spokesman Tavish Scott said: "This is a
total admission of failure from the SNP government. Their approach to CAP
payments is in utter chaos.

"Instead of distributing the payments farmers are all due and were promised so
long ago, the benevolent cabinet secretary is offering a loan that will have to
be repaid.

"Why should farmers take out a government loan when they should be receiving the
government farm payment?"

Conservative MSP Alex Johnstone, a former dairy farmer from near Stonehaven,
Aberdeenshire, echoed the criticism and demanded to know when the loans would be
paid.

He said: "Ministers are now having to set aside £20m of taxpayers' money to mop
up their own failures to deliver this programme.

"It is a complete fiasco and rural Scotland has completely lost faith in this
SNP government's ability to deliver.

"Farmers who are fast running out of available funds to keep going need to know
that this money is going to be available immediately."

Scott Walker, chief executive of NFU Scotland, said the cash promised would only
help the industry if it was paid quickly, as he suggested a failure to do so
would continue to leave farmers short of funds.

Mr Walker added: "For this money to be effective it must be delivered quickly.

"We will be working with the Scottish Government on the details of this funding
but it is imperative that it is put into place swiftly."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

Rajasthan govt points out own flaws in report on Ramgarh dam to high court

SECTION: JAIPUR

LENGTH: 453 words


JAIPUR: The state government's report on the initial action plan in dealing with
encroachments and other unplanned and illegal construction activities in the
Ramgarh dam's catchment area submitted to Rajasthan High Court has exposed its
own flaws.

Admitting that the encroachments exist, the government report mentioned that in
the Ramgarh dam area there is rampant illegal mining, illegal borewells,
encroachment of forest land and reduction in size of catchment area resulting in
depletion of both surface water and underground water table.

The state government in its initial action plan has submitted a list of nearly
700 encroachments in the Jawawaramgargh catchment area. "Though, no encroachment
have been found in the flow channel of the dam, yet 695 encroachments were found
in the catchment area. These encroachments are of different categories like
houses, temples, government buildings, agriculture land etc," the report read.

It is also mentioned that "no commercial illegal mining is being carried out in
the catchment area of Ramgrah dam. However, three spots, viz, Acrol, Kaali,
Ghanti and Burhanpur have been identified from where villagers extract building
stones for local non-commercial use."

The report also highlighted the fact that due to state government's carelessness
not only flow of water was obstructed but public money was also wasted.
"Unplanned construction under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment
Guarantee Act (NREGA) like construction of roads in rivers obstructed the flow
of water. The state government has removed those roads from the catchment area
of Ramgarh dam; however, such unplanned construction resulted in wastage of
public money," the report read.

Recently, the state government has issued directions that all allotments made in
the catchment area of water bodies in the state since 1955 shall be cancelled
and constructions in such places be demolished. The directions were issued
implementing the orders of the high court.

"There are 225 land allotments made in four tehsils in contrary to Section 16 of
the Act of 1955. In 105 cases, references have been made to the Board of Revenue
for cancellation of the allotments. Further, the remainder 120 matters are under
consideration with additional collectors/revenue officers who have been
instructed to expedite the matter. Simultaneously, the officials identified for
initiating disciplinary proceedings," the report said.

However, taking lessons from past, 25 big dams of the state have been identified
and will be monitored for water storage by the government and a techincal
advisory board has been constituted which will suggest measures of water
conservation to the government.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                        May 4, 2012 Friday 3:04 PM  EST

CREDIT COVERAGE OF FARMING COMMUNITY GOING UP

LENGTH: 310 words


NEW DELHI, May 4 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The Government has taken several measures to increase institutional credit flow
and bringing more and more farmers including small and marginal farmers within
the institutional credit fold and reducing their dependence on non-institutional
sources of credit. These measures, inter alia, include fixation of annual
targets for improving agricultural credit flow, provision of crop loans upto Rs.
3.00 lakh @4% per annum to such farmers who repay their loan as per the
repayment schedule fixed by the banks, extension of benefit of interest
subvention scheme to small & marginal farmers having Kisan Credit Card for a
further period upto six months for storing their produce in warehouses against
negotiable warehouse receipts, collateral free loan upto Rs. 1.00 lakh, scheme
for financing of Joint Liability Group (JLGs) etc. As a result of these
measures, agricultural credit flow has increased from Rs. 229400 crore in the
year 2006-07 to Rs.468291 crore in the year 2010-11 and corresponding coverage
of farmers' account is 423 lakh and 550 lakh, out of which 215 lakh and 335 lakh
pertains to small and marginal farmers.

As per National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO) Report on the "Indebtedness of
Farmer Households" released in the year 2005, of the 89.35 million farmer
households, 43.42 million (48.6%) were reported to be indebted to either formal
or informal or both sources of credit. As per the survey report, the most
important source of loan in terms of percentage of outstanding loan amount was
banks (36%) followed by agricultural/ professional money lenders (26%) and
cooperative societies (20%).

This information was given by Shri Harish Rawat, Minister of State for
Agriculture and Food Processing Industries in written reply to a question in the
Rajya Sabha today.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 29, 2010 Monday

Land values shoot upward with commodity prices

BYLINE: Matthew Wilde, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 855 words


Nov. 29--GRUNDY CENTER, Iowa -- Farmland values are on the rise with commodity
prices. But agriculture experts say paying too much could jeopardize
profitability.

Purchasing or renting crop ground, for the most part, cost farmers more in 2010,
according to three recently released surveys. And with corn and soybeans easily
topping $5 and $12 per bushel, respectively, on the Chicago Board of Trade --
about $1.50 to $3 higher than cost of production -- ag experts don't expect
demand for land or prices to go down anytime soon.

If farmers pay too much, though, experts say there's a point when land doesn't
cash flow or could cause financial harm.

Mike Duffy, an Iowa State University Extension farm economist and head of the
organization's annual farmland value survey, said paying much more than average
prices for ground doesn't make sense economically if profit from grain
production is the only factor considered.

That's taking into account high crop prices, he said.

"You're getting on the borderline of profitability," Duffy said. "Farmers need
to be aware of their cost of production."

He said inputs like fertilizer and fuel are expected to increase next year,
which need to be considered.

The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago recently reported a 13 percent increase in
Iowa farmland since October 2009.

On Nov. 1, 2009, ISU's annual farmland value survey said the statewide average
was $4,371 per acre. Black Hawk County was $5,434. The next ISU survey will be
out Dec. 15.

The Iowa Farm and Land Chapter #2 Realtors Land Institute recently reported
high-quality farmland in Northeast Iowa average $6,219 per acre in September, up
nearly $240 since March.

As for cash rent, the average price for non-irrigated ground was $176 this year
in Iowa, up $1 from 2009, the U.S. Department of Agriculture reported in
September. Grundy County was the highest in the state at $209.

Duffy expects cash rent to increase next year along with land values. He
predicts next month's ISU land value survey to mirror the Federal Reserve
number. That's after a decline in 2009 of 2.2 percent -- the first in a decade.

"I think we'll see pretty hefty increases in land values," Duffy said.

That's already happening. Some people are bidding up land to the point experts
think it's not good for agriculture.

Real estate agents, bankers and agriculture experts witnessed many land sales
this year in which people paid a few thousand dollars more per acre than the
county average. In a recent sale, two farmers fought over 80 acres of farmland
in Northwest Iowa with no development prospects, Duffy said. It sold for $13,950
per acre.

While that's an extreme case, he said competition for land is fierce. Farmers
want to reinvest recent profits and grow their operations.

That includes renting ground. Some growers are paying $300 to $400-plus per acre
for cash rent, which is twice to almost three times the going rate in some
counties.

Shane Tiernan, senior vice president and chief of lending at Grundy National
Bank in Grundy Center, said land price wars can keep young farmers from getting
into the business or force others out.

"That's not healthy for agriculture; it's not sustainable," he said.

Serving the rural community is what Grundy National is all about, Tiernan said.
Still, in today's economic climate, he said the bank will scrutinize land and
operating loans to make sure farmers aren't over extending themselves.

"We take a conservative approach," Tiernan said.

If a buyer doesn't have to borrow much or any money to buy high-priced ground
and it's considered a long-term investment, cost isn't as much of an issue,
Duffy said. However, if they finance most or all of a purchase, that could spell
trouble, especially if land and commodity prices drop.

That occurred in the early to mid-1980s during the Farm Crisis. Farm
bankruptcies and sales were common.

Duffy doesn't see that happening again since land isn't as leveraged today. In
1982, Duffy said 67 percent of land was debt-free. Three years ago, it was 75
percent.

Still, he said farmers need to be careful.

"If farmers take on a lot of debt to buy, that's when we would have trouble,"
Duffy said.

Roach Farms, a rural real estate company in Plainfield, recently sold marginal
farm ground with a corn suitability rating in the low 60s for $5,600 per acre.
President Ed Roach said there's a lot of interest in land, especially from
investors.

"Investors are looking to hedge against inflation," Roach said.

Steve Boevers, who farms near Readlyn, said land prices are getting
"ridiculous." While not in the market, he would consider buying ground if some
came up for sale nearby. But, he said it still needs to make sense financially.

"You need to be realistic," he said. "I won't subsidize other farms. I'll
concentrate on farming better."

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101129-OO-HLT-Land-values-shoot-upward-with-commodity-prices-1129-20101129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2010 Waterloo Courier


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 15, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Everglades under siege;
Nature, man add pressure

BYLINE: Jeanne DeQuine

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 461 words

DATELINE: THE EVERGLADES, Fla.


- A dry spell has threatened South Florida's water supply and nesting of the
snail kite.

- Thursday the South Florida Water Management District declared a ''water
emergency'' and asked residents to voluntarily reduce consumption.

Some of the threat is from houses built along the area's eastern border near
Miami, says Marjory Stoneman Douglas, an environmentalist and author of The
Everglades: River of Grass.

''People don't belong there at all,'' she says.

Lake Okeechobee is part of the fragile ecosystem that runs through South Florida
via a system of rivers, canals and saw grass prairies, including the marshy
Everglades.

The lake has become a primary and backup water supply for South Florida.

A dry spell earlier this year contributed to a drop in the lake's water level
from 14 to 11 feet. Officials called this year the driest in three decades.

''The lake is tapped out and we are running out of time,'' says Ann Overton of
the water management district, the state body that controls water flow.

There are other problems. Agricultural runoff has poured phosphorous and
nitrogen into Okeechobee, polluting it.

Although the state appropriated money to clean up the lake in 1987, little has
been done.

''The lack of cleanup of Lake Okeechobee has affected wildlife,'' says Diane
Cossin of the U.S. Attorney's office in Miami, which sued state water officials
citing ''degradation'' of the area. ''The lake is dying.''

Many environmentalists are opposed to allowing dairy and sugar farmers to farm
near the lake. ''There shouldn't be agriculture in the Everglades at all,'' says
Douglas.

Mercury contamination also is a problem. Fishing is closed in some parts of the
area, although warning signs haven't slowed some residents.

''This place used to be real good fishing,'' says Josephine Bradley, 40, as she
plopped a cane pole line in a canal, hoping for a catfish bite. ''Now the fish
even taste different.''

The mercury's origin is a mystery. ''No point source of contamination has been
identified,'' says Pat Tolle of the Everglades National Park.

The area's future will be determined by nature, mainly the amount of rainfall
and by the people controlling water flow.

''What's good for the human population, development and agriculture is often bad
for the natural system,'' says Tolle.

Overton disagrees: ''In times of severe water shortages, urban uses will come
first.''

Despite the problems, the Everglades remain a strong tourist attraction, drawing
1 million visitors last year.

''I don't think this place should be messed up,'' says Timothy Racki, 30, of
Hallandale, Fla., who brought his family to Shark Valley, 15 miles of winding
trail in saw grass country. ''Where else can you go and see alligators in their
home?''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Tom Salyer (Florida, airboat); PHOTO; b/w, Tom Salyer
(Reptiles, alligator)

CUTLINE: ON BOARD: On an airboat, tourists get a closer look at the fragile
ecosystem of the marshy Everglades at Miccosukee Indian Reservation. One million
tourists visited the park last year. CUTLINE: RESTING: The Everglades is home to
this 6-foot alligator, other animals, plants.

Accompanying story; Life in Florida's wilderness

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            August 15, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Water conservation challenge looms

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 507 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


A national forum will begin today in Lincoln.

It might be one of those situations in which Mike Johanns will feel glad he's
got a round-trip ticket back to Washington.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Johanns will be at The Cornhusker in Lincoln today to
deliver the keynote address at a national conservation forum.

That gives the former Nebraska governor an opportunity to celebrate the state's
success in using a $158 million state-federal partnership to withdraw 100,000
acres from irrigation and conservation flows in the Platte and Republican
rivers.

But Johanns also is arriving at a time when a University of Nebraska
agricultural economist is estimating that it could cost the state as much as
$500 million to cut water consumption enough to meet flow requirements of
multistate agreements for the two rivers.

Back on the bright side, Nebraska is the first state to use the Conservation
Reserve Enhancement Program in a water conservation initiative. This pioneering
effort in south-central and western counties pays farmers to take land out of
irrigated crop production and replace it with grass or another unirrigated cover
crop.

Brian Wolford, state director of the Nebraska Farm Service Agency, was
accentuating the positive Monday as he looked ahead to a three-day forum, which
is expected to attract about 200 people from the ranks of federal, state and
local government and from such private-sector organizations as Pheasants
Forever.

Wolford, one of the moderators for an agenda titled "CREP: Creative Solutions,
Multiple Benefits, Many Partners," said 40,000 acres of the 100,000 goal already
had been met as of June.

"So basically, in one year, we've got a good number of acres enrolled in CREP,"
Wolford said. "There was a lot of interest."

Much of that interest comes from payments of as much as $125 an acre per year
for as long as 15 years, mostly from the federal level.

"I'm very excited and satisfied with how this has gone," Wolford said. "We're
working very closely with our state partners, and we've put together a viable
option for producers to consider."

Not everybody has jumped at the chance to save water while collecting tax
dollars.

McCook farmer and irrigator Randy Peters said he decided to stick with the
status quo on land he farms along the Republican River.

The benefits of raising irrigated corn at the rate of 200 bushels per acre and
$450 per acre in gross income go not only to farmers but to seed companies,
fertilizer dealers and other businesses, Peters said.

"There's a trickle-down effect that helped every person in a small community."

Many of the people who signed CREP contracts are absentee landlords, according
to Peters. "And the money leaves this end of the state. It doesn't generate any
income.

"What I think would be a better program would be to pay farmers to go back to
dryland" crops that still would be harvested each year, he said. "At least the
land would still be in production, and there would still be income generated in
the local community."

Reach Art Hovey at (402) 523-4949 or ahovey@alltel.net.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Hinduja calls for offshore bank accounts amnesty

BYLINE: Dean Nelson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 541 words


SRICHAND Hinduja, one of Britain's most influential international business
figures, has called on the Indian government to offer an amnesty to Indians
holding an estimated trillion dollars in "black money" in offshore bank
accounts.

His proposal was made in a letter to India's finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee,
ahead of his budget next week and is part of a wider call for greater
liberalisation of investment and currency regulations.

Srichand Hinduja and his brother, Gopichand, have an estimated family fortune of
more than £8bn and a business empire spanning oil, gas, power generation, heavy
goods and truck manufacturing and banking.

His intervention comes amid a growing domestic political row over the
government's failure to repatriate 'black money' held in Switzerland,
Liechtenstein and Mauritius and fears that associated corruption allegations are
damaging the country's reputation as a destination for foreign investment.

The opposition Bharatiya Janata Party had accused the Congress Party's
president, Sonia Gandhi, and her late husband, Rajiv, of holding funds in Swiss
bank accounts, though its leader L.K. Advani apologised and withdrew the
allegation earlier this month after Mrs Gandhi issued a strong denial.

In his letter to the finance minister, Mr Hinduja said an amnesty for Indian
businessmen holding undeclared "black money" overseas would help increase the
flow of funds into India and boost investment in its infrastructure sector.

"Amnesty is not a one-time solution and we will have to introduce systems and
procedures to regularise the accounts at the foreign centres on an ongoing
basis.

India should follow the example of the United States and the Eurozone, where, he
said, offshore account holders had been able to regularise their tax status by
paying between 15pc to 20pc on outstanding amounts.

While the Indian rupee is not fully convertible and Indians cannot hold overseas
rupee accounts, he said the government could "agree to convert the foreign
holdings into Indian rupees and hold them in an unaccounted money account with
the foreign government after recovering tax at between 15pc and 20pc. Anytime
the account holder wants to bring back money to India, it can be given as a free
gift to his relatives."

In this way, there would be a steady regularisation of accounts and a continuous
flow of funds into India. "No penalty may be levied or criminal action resorted
to against the account holders except when the money had been acquired through
fraudulent means," he added.

The amnesty must be accompanied by reforms in the funding of political parties,
including the declaration of donations and independent auditing.

"Recent corruption allegations have led to policy paralysis and impacted
business confidence and foreign direct investment flows. This is a cancer which
must be addressed. Unstructured, noninstitutional political funding is the root
of corruption in India," he said.

He said curbs on foreign direct investment in multibrand retail, insurance and
land acquisition for agriculture and infrastructure, were necessary to make
India a more attractive investment destination and increase the flow of
technology.

The Telegraph

Indian premier hopes for cricket cure on economy telegraph.co.uk/finance

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday

Odisha priority sector lending needs to reach the poor

LENGTH: 1367 words

DATELINE: India


India, Aug. 1 -- The priority sector lending implemented by public, private and
Regional Rural Banks (RRB) as part of credit policy of Reserve Bank of India
(RBI) is much relevant for poor States like Odisha where it can cover a majority
of the population identified as potential beneficiaries of a credit based
economic intervention.

This will bring positive changes in production, employment, income and make
improvement in quality of life of a vast majority of people in rural area. But
in spite of increase in credit flow to agriculture sector in post bank
nationalization era, the disparity in flow of credit among regions and social
groups remains a major cause of minimal impact over rural poor households. This
needs a serious reflection by the State Government, financial institutions,
banks and others.

Empirical evidence shows that the poor and landless share croppers and
agricultural workers remain excluded in financial markets and the benefits
mostly channels to the land-owning rich farmers and other economically affluent
groups. Odisha still witnesses high incidence of poverty, chronic debt, distress
migration, and small land holdings and agriculture sector is continued as main
stake of the State economy which keeps engaging about 60 per cent of the people
in a number of ways. The socio-economic condition and quality of life of a
majority of people engaged in agriculture and allied activities has not been
changing to a minimum standard in comparison to others. The Union Ministry of
Labour report on cost of living based on consumer price index 2014 says the cost
of living of the agricultural workers in Odisha is one of the lowest in the
country; Odisha is the third lowest higher than Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. In
order to bring change in the rural economy, especially in agriculture and allied
sector in Odisha, the priority sector lending policy and implementation process
needs serious review to strategize further the credit need of people of the
State in rural and tribal areas. Credit is being viewed as productive input
which will boost production by bringing modern inputs and affirmatively
contribute to food security along with controlling distress migration and
unemployment. The RBI issues credit policy for the banks within which it has
identified priority sector to bring sectoral balance within the credit
disbursement and ensure easy, timely and adequate credit for the financially
excluded people and the weaker sections.

The priority sector lending includes financing agriculture and allied
activities, micro and small entrepreneurs, education and housing loans and
others targeting the weaker sections, which depend on traditional money lending.
The weaker sections include small and marginal farmers with landholding of five
acres or less, share croppers, tenant farmers, landless labourers, artisans,
village cottage industries, people with disability(PWD), SCs and STs, self help
groups (SHGs), beneficiaries of NRLM, informal sector workers, manual
scavengers, minority communities, and distress poor. The minority communities
notified are Sikhs, Muslims, Christians, Zoroastrians, Buddhist and Jains etc.
The RBI has identified 121 minority concentrated districts in the country and in
Odisha, the Gajapati district is identified as a minority district. During the
year 2013-14 , Rs 308.64 crore was disbursed to 24,219 minority account holders
by all commercial banks in Odisha. It is equally important to take care of the
minority communities within the weaker sections with equitable portion of the
credit under priority sector lending. RBI notification says that 15 per cent of
the total advance should be for weaker sections of the society and RRBs should
have 60 per cent of the credit for the priority sector. Within this, half of the
loan should go to small and marginal farmers possessing less than two hectares
of land.

The loan can be provided to individuals or groups, SHGs or joint liability
groups to meet the objectives and also to corporate, partnership firms and
institutions for agriculture and allied activities that include dairy, fishery,
piggery, poultry, beekeeping, plantation and horticulture etc. The rate of
interest in agriculture is 7 per cent with 2 per cent Government subsidy and it
further falls to 4 per cent in case of proper repayment. The loan to small and
marginal farmers can be given to purchase land for agriculture purpose and other
inputs such as agricultural implements, irrigation and other developmental
activities undertaken in the farm. The various activities in pre harvest and
post harvest periods, such as spraying, weeding, harvesting, grading, sorting
and transportation, and exporting can also be covered under the activities. The
common guidelines for priority sector loans say there should be no service
change on loan up to Rs 25,000 and the bank has to maintain a separate register
covering data on receipt, sanction, rejection and disbursement of data .The bank
has to issue acknowledgement for loan applications. The loan applications by SCs
and STs will be rejected by the next higher authority of the branch with
sufficient reasons of rejection.

In the past few decades, the Central Government allocation on agriculture credit
has been consistently increasing to meet the challenges of farmers in distress,
struggling with a number of issues of crop loss, natural disaster, distress
sale, including credit as a major concern. The agricultural credit flow for the
year 2012-2013 was Rs 6, 07,375 crore, during eleventh plan( 2007 to 2012), it
was Rs 19, 20, 400 crore and for the year 2014-2015, the Finance Minister has
increased this to Rs 8.5 lakh crore. Along with this, around Rs 5,300 crore to
support micro irrigation , watershed development and Pradhan Mantri Krishi
Sinchai Yojana and Rs 25,000 crore rural infrastructure development setup in
NABARD, Rs 15,000 crore long term rural credit fund ,Rs 45,000 crore for short
term cooperative rural credit refinance fund and Rs 15,000 crore short term
Regional Rural Banks refinance fund. There are also central schemes such as
National Agricultural Insurance Scheme, Rastriya Krishi Vikas Yojana, National
Food Security Mission, etc. The banks such as NABARD and RRBs, cooperatives such
as Odisha Gramya Bank and Kalinga Gramya Bank have a major role in the
implementation of priority sector lending in the State. NABARD projected a
credit potential of Rs 36, 959 crore under priority sector during the year
2014-15. The Odisha SCs and STs Finance Development Cooperative Corporation
Limited has to address the credit needs of SCs, STs, scavengers and minorities
in the State. But unfortunately, in the context of Odisha, the Central
Government schemes and bank interventions remain with poor performance and slow
progress. It is observed that there has been lack of sufficient branches in
rural and tribal areas and the bank officials and beneficiaries have very less
interaction on the priority sector purpose and procedures of loan.

Many of the prospective beneficiaries have no awareness about such facilities
being provided under priority sector lending due to lack of information either
by the Government or respective banks in their locality. In most of the cases,
the banks in Odisha did not follow the orders of Government officials due to
lack of monitoring and periodic review of the targets fixed by Government. It
was also reported that many banks which were performing well in other States
were performing very poorly in Odisha. The RBI has instructions that at least 25
per cent of the total number of branches opened by a bank during a financial
year has to be in unbanked rural areas but this is not followed by banks in
Odisha .They also are not being able to fulfil the other targets under priority
sector lending in the State as a result of which many of the prospective
beneficiaries are deprived of their right to credit for development.

(The writer is a researcher and rights activist, who can be mailed at
manasbbsr15@gmail.com)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

Growing pains // Dam work needed to maintain recreation area

BYLINE: Amanda Roberge

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 600 words

DATELINE: WESTBORO


WESTBORO - Work will begin soon on the George H. Nichols Dam, which helps to
regulate the flow of water from the Assabet River to maintain Mill Pond, a
320-acre lake that is important not only to the watershed system but also to
region's recreational needs.

Diane Baedeker Petit, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Agriculture, said
the dam has been taxed in recent years as development in the area has increased.
When the dam was built in the late 1960s, the engineering was based on the
population at the time. A drainage analysis study was conducted in 2004, and the
findings caused some concern.

"The state came to assess whether the current sizing of the dam was meeting the
specifications of the land use," said Derek Saari, assistant town planner and
assistant conservation officer in Westboro. "And the study showed that it did
not."

Despite the finding, Mr. Saari and Ms. Baedeker Petit agree that there is no
imminent danger of the dam failing; the work is being done to avoid the
potential for failure.

The dam, which is owned and maintained by the state, will require relocation of
its auxiliary spillway and the addition of a concrete block wall.

"There have been some concerns with interrupting the recreational aspect of the
land," said Mr. Saari. "But this is a mandatory project; it needs to be done."

Ms. Baedeker Petit said the improvements and maintenance at the site will have a
positive impact on the watershed and will allow for many more years of
recreational activity in the area, in addition to accommodating a projected
increase in development.

"This project will be a huge benefit to the town," Ms. Baedeker Petit said,
adding that the improvements are expected to cost approximately $838,000 and
will be covered by federal funding. "We do try to consider future build-out when
we take on projects like this, but it can be hard to anticipate."

According to a press release from the Natural Resources Conservation Service,
Nichols Dam will be upgraded with money from the American Reinvestment and
Recovery Act. Massachusetts is one of 11 states that received a share of $45
million in federal funding to rehabilitate aging flood-control structures.
According to the NRCS, Watermark Environmental Inc. of Lowell has been awarded
the construction contract.

Mr. Saari said the town is contributing labor and materials to the project as
part of an agreement that was negotiated in numerous meetings. "We want to be
fair," he said. "Ultimately, this does benefit the town."

While Ms. Baedeker Petit said there hasn't been any opposition to the project
during the public hearings and meetings, Mr. Saari said authorities have
received questions from neighboring residents.

Locally, Mill Pond is acclaimed as a great spot for fishing, canoeing and
kayaking. Mr. Saari said many people fish from the dam, an activity that will
not likely be allowed until the project is completed.

"We are hoping to wrap up by late May, early June," Ms. Baedeker Petit said of
the construction.

"DCR is very pleased that the work is going forward on the Nichols Dam," said
Richard K. Sullivan Jr., commissioner of the state Department of Conservation
and Recreation. "The safety upgrades will help guarantee a long future of flood
control in the area and continued recreational uses of the Westboro Reservoir.
DCR thanks the NRCS very much for taking on this project."

ART: PHOTOS

PHOTOG: ED COLLIER

CUTLINE: (1) The Mill Pond recreation area is under pressure from increased
development. (2) The George H. Nichols Dam, which needs upgrading, regulates the
flow of water from the Assabet River into Mill Pond.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WESTBORO - Work will begin soon on the George H. Nichols Dam, which
helps to regulate the flow of water from the Assabet River to maintain Mill
Pond, a 320-acre lake that is important not only to the watershed system but
also to region's recreational needs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 28, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

To Keep Imported Food Safe

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 322 words



WHILE LETTING much else languish, Congress has spared some attention for
improving food safety. A chunk of new money for modernization and research,
especially in dealing with the rising volume of food imported from abroad, is at
issue in the agriculture appropriations bill now in conference. Sen. Susan
Collins (R-Maine) held hearings last week on the longer-term prospects for
dealing with the same issue.

The problem -- an inability of those programs to keep up with an increasingly
global food supply -- raises the need to go beyond the strained system of mostly
visual customs inspections. In the long term it means working directly with
industries abroad to help them meet health, safety and cleanliness standards.

To describe the task this way is to appreciate that it will be an immense
endeavor, involving long-term relationships that could end up indirectly
benefiting the consumers in other nations too. Advocates say the Agriculture
Department has made good progress already on this model with beef and poultry.

The Food and Drug Administration, which oversees most other food imports, wants
to do the same and notes that half of the seafood Americans eat now is imported,
along with 38 percent of fruit and 12 percent of vegetables -- all numbers that
have tripled in the past decade. (The FDA currently manages to inspect only
about 2 percent of the flow, down from 10 percent in 1992.)

Given the scope of changes needed to keep up with this trend, the new funds
proposed under the president's "food safety initiative" earlier this year look
like a stopgap. After the president's initial request for $ 101 million in new
funding for border inspections and pathogen research fell flat, the Senate
unexpectedly added $ 66 million. If the conference committee approves that
money, it could lay a useful framework, but the broader task of adjusting to a
worldwide food system will remain.



LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                  May 26, 1997

Reclamation Project Will Prevent Floods, Government Retorts

BYLINE: BY MAKOTO SATO Staff writer

SECTION: MAJOR STORIES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1297 words


ISAHAYA - A government-funded dike installed in this quiet Nagasaki Prefecture
town to prevent flooding has dried out once thriving tidal wetlands, drawing
protests from environmentalists in Japan and abroad.

Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry officials insist that the dike is
necessary to reclaim land, control water, and prevent flooding in the lowlands
around Isahaya Bay on Kyushu.

Environmentalists counter that the government project turned once beautiful
tidelands into a cesspool of dead sea organisms.

Several American environmental groups have formed the Alliance to Save Isahaya
Bay and have written letters urging U.S. President Bill Clinton and Prime
Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto to save the tidal wetlands.

The Isahaya tidelands were once rich in mutsugoro (mudskippers), oysters,
lugworms and migratory birds, including egrets and herons.

The 7km dike, which closed off the flow of sea water on April 14, has filled the
1,100 hectares (2,718 acres) of tidelands with the stench of thousands of
dried-out oysters and other shellfish. Crows pick at shells that have washed
ashore.

Several politicians have recently joined environmentalists in opposition to the
dike, which they call useless.

Some critics contend that the government continues construction because Japan's
bureaucratic system cannot stop a project once it is started.

"Bureaucrats tend to do everything to avoid taking responsibility," says Iwao
Nakatani, a professor of economics at Hitotsubashi University in Tokyo. "The
case of Isahaya Bay is a typical example of the modus operandi of bureaucrats."

The government has spent more than 135 billion yen (1.17 billion dollars) out of
237 yen billion budgeted for the project, which includes money to build two more
dikes in the area by 1999.

Isahaya's tidelands were the largest in Japan and one of the world's richest in
sea organisms. Before the dike's gates shut, the tidelands boasted 282 species,
including seven indigenous to the area and in danger of becoming extinct.
Mudskippers and 21 types of birds inhabiting the tidal wetlands also are listed
as endangered species by the Environment Agency.

Unless the gates are reopened and fresh sea water is brought into the tidelands
by the middle of June, the area's ecosystem will be destroyed, says Hirofumi
Yamashita, president of the Japan Wetland Action Network and a leader in the
fight to save the Isahaya tidelands.

Less fishing

Eight fishing cooperatives out of 12 in Isahaya Bay can no longer fish the
waters near the tidelands because of the dike, Yamashita adds.

"We do not oppose reclaiming land from Isahaya Bay," says Kenji Tominaga, a
member of a local environmental group. "But we cannot accept a project that
exterminates the ecological system of that bay."

Nagasaki has been reclaiming land since the 17th century, especially land
surrounding Isahaya Bay, which was reclaimed through manual labor.

The current Isahaya Bay project was started by the Agriculture Ministry in 1952
to reclaim land mainly for rice farming. At first, the ministry contemplated
shutting off the Ariake Sea, which lies beyond Isahaya Bay, but the smaller
project of reclaiming Isahaya Bay to create farmland for growing rice was
settled upon.

The project was hailed by residents of Nagasaki Prefecture, which has little
farmland.

However, as rice production increased, the ministry had a change of heart about
Isahaya. It scaled down the amount of land it would reclaim from more than 1,000
hectares to 355 hectares and restated the purpose of the project as primarily
being for disaster prevention and secondarily to establish farmland.

No official plan

Nakatani contends that the Isahaya Bay project is a typical example of a costly
public-spending project of negligible benefit. "If they abolish it now, someone
has to take responsibility for spending more than 100 billion yen of tax money
on an incomplete project. Thus they have no option but to continue, even if they
have to switch the purpose of the project from time to time," he says.

The ministry now says that the land will be for cultivating vegetables and dairy
farming but it has never released an official plan explaining the project.

Kenji Maeda, manager of the Isahaya Bay land reclamation office, a local branch
of the Agriculture Ministry, defends the project. "Every time heavy rain falls,
those who live in the lowland fear floods. The best way to prevent flooding is
to isolate the tidelands from the sea and use a dike to protect reclaimed land."

Isahaya has a history of floods. Since most of the city's land was reclaimed
from tidelands, much of the city is below sea level. In July 1957, serious
floods brought on by heavy rains and a gale left 539 people dead.

"There is a common perception among residents that we have to do everything to
avoid such disasters, no matter the expense," says Tominaga, the
environmentalist. "It is difficult to oppose the project because it helps
prevent floods."

Next stage

The ministry wants to start the next stage of its project, which is to build a
17.6km dike between a 2,400-hectare lake and reclaimed land on the other side of
the recently opened dike. The water level of the lake is to be kept 1 meter
below sea level and water from two nearby rivers will drain into it.

The current dike is a temporary one meant to dry the tideland to make land
reclamation easy and cheap, Maeda says. The ministry plans to construct a new
7-meter-high, reinforced dike in place of the current one by 1999.

But some academics see fundamental flaws in the ministry's plans.

The two major rivers that flow into Isahaya Bay carry silt that eventually
develops the tidelands. By separating the sea and the tidelands, a huge amount
of silt will flow into the lake. "The lake will be filled with silt sooner or
later, but dredging the lake may cost more than building a dike," says a
university professor specializing in problems involving tidal wetlands.

Some of the ministry's projects for water control in this area have failed,
local residents say. One resident says that some roads in the lowlands in and
around Isahaya still flood in heavy rains.

Koichiro Tatsuta, a lawyer in Isahaya, has sued the government to stop the
land-reclamation project. He says he filed his suit because "there is no system
that enables local residents to request termination of a project like the one at
Isahaya Bay."

According to Yamashita of the wetlands network, the government has conducted
three environmental assessments since the beginning of the project but details
have not been revealed.

Internal report

One internal report from a committee attached to the Agriculture Ministry says
that even when the project is finished, heavy rains could still cause flooding.

The ministry denied the existence of the internal report until recently, after
Yamashita made a copy of the report widely available.

Naoto Kan, co-leader of the Democratic Party of Japan, visited Isahaya last week
and joined the ranks of those protesting the project. The Democratic Party and
the Sun Party plan to request that the ministry halt the project. Kan himself
flew to Nagasaki, and exchanged strong words with Nagasaki Governor Isamu
Tanaka. The governor criticized Kan for joining the protest at such a late
stage.

Takako Doi, leader of the Social Democratic Party of Japan, says her party also
has said that the project should be stopped.

The ruling Liberal Democratic Party still supports the project.

"Nagasaki Prefecture, in all honesty, cannot survive without the aid of the
central government, particularly through public spending," Tatsuta says. "To be
elected to the Diet or local assembly, politicians have to be able to get public
spending. That is the LDP's power base."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

Calhoun producers cite little profit in poultry at present

BYLINE: Gene Zaleski, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1295 words


Nov. 08--Calhoun County poultry farmer Michael Drake has been in the poultry
business for the past 12 years.

And like previous years, rising electric costs are taking a bite out of profits,
making the poultry business a difficult place to survive.

"We are spending a fortune on electricity," Drake said. "Our profit margin is
very little. It is extremely tight."

"I am hoping with the new election coming up in 2016 that we can quit having the
war on coal and get the energy prices under control," Drake said. "There is no
increase in pay, so our fixed is there. The expenses are there."

These expenses include the cost to cool his four chicken houses, which contain
about 100,000 birds.

Columbia Farms provides the birds, the feed and veterinary services, while the
growers provide the labor, housing, litter and utilities. Currently, he grows
birds from 7-{ pounds to 9-{ pounds.

The farm holds the birds for about eight weeks before processing at about seven
to nine pounds on average, though weight can fluctuate.

"We are the Motel 6 for chickens," Drake said.

Drake said unlike recent years, propane prices are better -- at a farm rate of
about $1.25 a gallon -- compared to $3 a gallon over the past few years.

"I enjoy what I do. I just wish there were ways the energy prices could get
under control and that the overall income level goes up for the grower," he
said. "It is hard work."

He said lending institutions base loans on cash flow and not assets, making it
difficult for farmers to expand or upgrade operations.

"The cash flow is not there," Drake said.

Drake has long advocated that utility companies run natural gas to areas of
Calhoun County where a large number of poultry growers have their houses, but
farmers have been informed the cost would fall on the farmers. He said there are
no signs of any positive progress in that direction.

"There are four chicken growers as the crow flies within a mile and half of each
other," Drake said.

As far as Mother Nature, Drake said the hot weather was not terrible on the
chickens this year. While some farmers struggled with their loading areas
suffering wash from the historic floods in October, he was able to survive the
storm unscathed.

Poultry farmer Woody Crider has about 105,000 chickens in four houses. The
six-year poultry farmer said his numbers have gone down from 27,900 per house a
few years ago.

"I would not suggest anyone doing houses right now," he said. "The money flow is
not there. You barely make enough to get by."

Crider said fewer birds mean less revenue, which means "zero money."

Expenses, however, keep rising, he said.

"Everything in general has gone up and the price we are making has gone down,"
Crider said. "It makes it hard to live."

For example, Crider said to cool one of his chicken houses this summer cost
$6,000. He received a check for a little more than $7,000.

"I had $1,000 to live on for 10 weeks," he said. "That is not easy to do."

While propane costs are coming down, Crider said the winter months will be here
soon.

"When we don't need it, it is cheaper, and when we get to the wintertime, it is
hard to save what you do have," Crider said.

Currently, it is estimated there are six poultry growers in Calhoun County. With
the costs associated with the business, the future of the poultry industry in
the county remains uncertain.

"Once you get in, there is no getting out of it," he said. "You are in it unless
you walk way from it."

Drake said one can't easily convert a chicken house into another use.

The light at the end of tunnel continues to be the popularity of chicken.

"Chicken is the most inexpensive thing to put on the table," he said. "It is
high in protein and good for you."

Crider said if he had not inherited the farm from family, he would not be in the
poultry business.

"That is how bad it has gotten," he said.

Livestock overview

According to the 2012 U.S. Department of Agriculture census, there are about 77
beef cattle farms in the county.

The county ranks 15th in the state in the value of livestock and poultry.

It ranks 36th in the number of cattle and calves and 12th in the number of
broilers produced, according to the census.

Cattle

Larry Elmore, Fort Motte cattle farmer and current vice president of the
Orangeburg Area Cattlemen's Association, says 2015 brought with it lower cattle
prices after a record-breaking 2014.

Elmore said cattle prices for most of 2015 have been high but have dropped off
in recent months.

He said steers that were bringing in about $1,250 are now bringing in about
$1,000 and heifers around the $1,000 range are now bringing in about $800.

"It is still more than we used to get in years past," Elmore said. "The cattle
expansion has begun and we are seeing more heifers being held back. I think the
price drop was related to live cattle and feeder cattle prices dropping and a
slight slowdown in demand."

Elmore said herd expansion continues and the price of replacement heifers and
cows remains strong, even though in the long term it may bring more downward
pressure on prices. Consumer demand remains the wild card on price changes. If
consumers continue to purchase beef, experts believe prices will remain steady.

"Right now it is a seller's market. If you have good replacement cattle, you
will probably be in the driver's seat," he said.

Elmore said experts are expecting the prices to strengthen some over the year.

"It will still be a good year," he said.

Last year, cattle prices were the highest they have ever been. That was because
cattle numbers were the lowest in the United States in 63 years, thanks to herd
dispersion, drought and a freak Colorado snowstorm that wiped out a lot of
cattle. The export market to China and Japan also improved.

According to the S.C. Department of Agriculture Market Report, medium and large
high-quality feeder steers sold for an average of $1.55 a pound for an 815-pound
steer and $2.50 for a 270-pound steer.

High-quality steers at an average weight of about 370 pounds sold for $2.28 a
pound compared t a lower-quality steer for approximately the same weight selling
for $1.20 a pound.

While prices are still high and feed prices have come down, Elmore said
fertilizer prices "have not reflected the drop in (row crop) commodity prices."

"It takes about a year and half maybe two years before fertilizer prices drop,"
he said.

Elmore said liquid nitrogen and phosphorous remain high with hopes that an
oversupply of natural gas in the United States will mean that nitrogen prices
drop.

Another challenge is the summer drought and heat and hay production.

"Most people had a very poor year as far as making hay," Elmore said. "Hay is
going to be very short this year."

Elmore said farmers are trying to plant hay now to make it through the winter
grazing period.

Swine

There are currently no independent hog producers in Calhoun County as the
industry has transitioned from privately owned to contract producers.

The transition caused all of the county's hog producers to leave the industry.

The expense of contract production was too much for hog producers to handle,
causing them to leave the industry altogether.

Most hog houses were also old and were not well-suited to do what the new-age
contract situation required.

In the middle 1990s, Calhoun County was home to about 30 to 35 independent swine
producers.

Dairy

Calhoun County does not have any dairy farmers and has not had any for several
years, county officials say.

The Sandy Run Dairy is situated in the northern part of the county just off
Interstate 26 at Exit 125 on S.C. Road 31, but the cows that produce the milk
for ice cream it makes and sells are raised outside of the county.

___ (c)2015 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151108-GG-Calhoun-producers-cite-little-profit-in-poultry-at-present-20151108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2015 The Times and Democrat


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 8, 1996, Thursday

REPUBLICANS TO COME OUT SWINGING AGAINST ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ISSUE IS
COMPLICATED, AS MEXICO, US BENEFIT

BYLINE: KEVIN G. HALL; JOURNAL OF COMMERCE STAFF

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1407 words

DATELINE: MEXICO CITY


When Republicans gather in San Diego next week for their presidential
convention, Mexico's leading immigration expert will leave neighboring Tijuana
for the week.

No use trying to argue against an ideology, he figures.

''The convention is going to be a feast of Mexico bashing. There is a limit in
what you can do against an ideological wave,'' shrugged Jorge Bustamante,
president of El Colegio del Norte in Tijuana, which houses a think tank on
border issues that is engaged in immigration studies.

An early issue in the presidential primaries, immigration has subsided in the
national debate partly due to the Clinton administration's move to match GOP
concerns with resources and tougher enforcement by the Immigration and
Naturalization Service.

But the wound is expected to reopen next week because the convention is being
held in the city where cross-border tensions boil over. San Diego-Tijuana is the
prime flow point for illegal immigration and the site where activists on both
sides of the debate are likely to clash.

1 PROBLEM, 2 VIEWPOINTS

The wide gulf in how the two nations perceive the problem is apparent at the
most fundamental level - describing it. To the U.S. government, the issue
involves ''illegal immigrants.'' For Mexico, it's about ''undocumented
workers.''

''We are very much against the criminalization of their status,'' said Enrique
M. Loaeza, director of protection and consular affairs in Mexico's Secretariat
of Foreign Relations.

In an effort to narrow their differences, the two countries last year launched a
massive binational study on immigration that will present conclusions and
recommendations next April.

The study involves quantifying how many immigrants do or do not have legal
documents; characteristics of immigrants, such as where they are coming from;
and the costs and benefits of immigration for both countries.

It also looks at what structures support migration and societal responses.

At the end of the process, both countries hope to have answers that will quiet
the nasty debate on Capitol Hill over the costs to state and federal government
welfare rolls and the economic wealth immigrant labor brings.

''We don't see it as something that is going to be solved by the adoption of
enforcement measures,'' said Mr. Loaeza, who has served as his country's consul
general in consulates in San Francisco, San Diego and Los Angeles. ''It's
something we have always said has to be dealt with on a bilateral basis.''

While the two countries work on the study, Mr. Bustamante's think tank has
already reached some preliminary conclusions b ased on field work it has
conducted in Tijuana since 1987.

He concludes that the United States' Operation Gatekeeper and other tough border
enforcement measures, combined with Mexico's economic crisis and last year's 52
percent inflation rate, have caused about a 10 percent drop in illegal or
undocumented immigration.

''Those things combine to make the cost of migration higher and diminish the
flow,'' Mr. Bustamante said.

CALIFORNIA DRAWS WORKERS

But while immigration flows may be declining slightly, studies suggest that
hiring practices by California agribusiness, light industry and services
continue to draw Mexican laborers.

Mr. Bustamante's statistics suggest that 60 percent of all undocumented or
illegal workers in the United States reside in California, with 75 percent of
those living in Los Angeles County alone. Most work in light industries like
textiles factories and other labor intensive work.

An ongoing study by the Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies at the University of
California-San Diego finds Mexican immigrants are heavily concentrated in the
service sector and play a fundamental role.

When Republicans converge on the city next week, legal and illegal immigrants
will be parking their cars, cleaning their tables and carrying their luggage to
their rooms.

But the sector that most benefits from Mexican labor - and admits it up front -
is agribusiness. California accounts for about a third of U.S. agriculture
output and the U.S. Department of Labor estimates that some 25 percent of farm
workers in California are undocumented. Industry put it at 50 percent during
congressional hearings late last year.

''Agribusiness continues to find a variety of ways to recruit new (illegal)
immigrant workers,'' said Fred Krissman, a visiting fellow and immigration
expert at the Center for U.S.-Mexican Studies at the University of
California-San Diego.

Visiting poor villages in states like Zacatecas, Oaxaca and Michoacan, Mr.
Krissman said he discovered what appears to be the modern-day equivalent of
indentured servitude.

Big farming interests leave the hiring to subcontractors whom they keep at arm's
length. The subcontractors then aggressively recruit Mexican workers to cross
illegally - aggressive to the point of loaning money and arranging passage to
California farms.

''As Mexico goes further and further into crisis, especially in rural areas, the
options are you go hungry and watch your children starve or slowly indenture
yourself,'' said Mr. Krissman.

The key ingredient in the arrangement is the intermediary role of farm labor
contractors who, the researcher said, essentially absolve big agriculture
companies of responsibility in the rare raids by INS.

''The majority of farm labor in California is now provided by intermediaries
called farm labor contractors - a substantial number are not even registered as
required by law by the federal and state government agencies,'' said Mr.
Krissman. Later this year, Mr. Krissman will begin chronicling hiring practices
in Washington state where Mexican labor helps sustain an apple export boom.

James Jones, U.S. ambassador to Mexico, said in an interview that Operation
Gatekeeper and similar programs have proven more successful than he expected in
reducing the supply of labor. But efforts on the demand side have not been as
impressive, he said.

''When you talk to farmers and ranchers, they say they don't know who they are
hiring. They have a contractor,'' Mr. Jones said. ''A serious crackdown on the
employers would also reduce the pressure on illegal immigration. One thing it
would do is force a real debate on immigration policy.''

''Right now I find in many of the states, they can have it both ways. They can
argue against immigration and complain, but then hire illegal immigrants as
maids, farmers, whatever at very low wages and no other protections.''

MEXICO PROFITS

While working in the United States, the Mexican farmers traditionally leave
small villages throughout central and south Mexico nearly devoid of men.

But the money that comes back in wire transfers and through couriers plays an
integral role in Mexico's rural economy. The Mexican government's own estimates
are that remittances from their citizens living legally or illegally in the
United States amount to between $ 1 billion and $ 3 billion annually.

Those figures are based on documented transactions and do not even factor in
money sent home through friends, said Mr. Krissman.

Although it is not a stated strategy of the government, the Foreign Relations
Ministry's Mr. Loaeza conceded remittances are very important to the Mexican
economy and that the migration releases pressure on scarce domestic jobs.

''I do admit it's a relief, but in no way do we see it as an outlet,'' Mr.
Loaeza said. ''It's not an escape valve.''

Underlying the North American Free Trade Agreement is the desperate need to
create meaningful jobs in Mexico, where an average of 1 million new people will
be entering the work force annually in coming years.

A commonly cited statistic is that by 2005, Mexico and the United States will
have the same number of citizens age 19 or under - even though the U.S.
population is about three times as large as Mexico's.

''More needs to be done, and we have recommended and given studies to the
government of industries that they could develop that are very labor
intensive,'' said Mr. Jones.

Among those are tourism efforts in colonial cities in central Mexico and
creation of retirement communities.

The starkness of the statistics suggests, however, that migration from Mexico
will be an issue for many years to come.

''This is something we've got to learn to live with,'' said the government's Mr.
Loaeza. ''We've got to live with it in a very rational manner.''

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: REPUBLICAN CONVENTION '96 - San Diego (Logo)

GRAPHIC: GRAPHICS: Graphic

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2012 Sunday

2011 drought impact: $100 million

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


Aug. 12--The 2011 drought cost the Arkansas Valley more than $100 million and
1,300 jobs, an analysis by Colorado State University-Fort Collins shows.

The bad news is that 2012 could be worse.

"This year will be worse because drought is more widespread over the state, and
because irrigated agriculture is affected as well as dryland crops," said James
Pritchett, an economics professor who help prepare the study.

Pritchett presented the findings Wednesday to the Arkansas Basin Roundtable,
which looks at water issues and networks with other basins in the state.

The study was completed last year, and looks at traditional economic concerns
such as lost potential for growing crops and the impact on supplies. In addition
it anticipates future impacts that include long-term

changes in supply and demand.

Last year's drought resulted in about 75 percent of average precipitation in the
valley and hit dryland farmers hardest, because a record snowpack ensured
plentiful irrigation flows.

Rainfall is about 50 percent this year, and snowpack was near record lows.

Farmers who had a crop last year fared well because commodity prices were
higher.

"When you have a drought, prices go higher.

So, if you have a crop, you make money," Pritchett said.

In the Rio Grande basin, also hit by drought, potato crops were fully watered,
off-setting big losses in hay and barley. A net gain of $4.75 million and 42
jobs was found.

The study also surveyed farmers and ranchers on their intention of staying in
farming and when the drought changed their practices.

Continued drought increased the likelihood they would leave agriculture, and
reduced the amount of money spent in preparation for the following season.

"Going into 2011, farmers didn't change their practices, but in 2012, they did,"
Pritchett said.

cwoodka@chieftain.com

___ (c)2012 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120812-PB-2011-drought-impact-100-million-0812-20120812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2012 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday

Kyrgyz expert urges measures to prevent "energy-water catastrophe" in Centasia

LENGTH: 2287 words


In a newspaper interview, a Kyrgyz environment expert says glaciers in Central
Asia are shrinking as a result of the global warming. Shamil Ilyasov forecasts
that the region may face an acute water shortage and environmental catastrophe
if urgent measures are not taken in this field. The following is an excerpt from
Shamil Ilyasov's interview headlined Water and energy catastrophe in Central
Asia is inevitable and published by Russian internet news agency Regnum,
specializing in regional reporting, on 17 December:

Glaciers in Central Asia are decreasing which leads to a reduction of water in
rivers; as a result, the region will face a water-energy and environmental
catastrophe. It cannot be prevented, but what one can do is to start adapting to
it already now. The candidate of technical sciences and lecturer in `Sustainable
development of environment and life safety' at the natural and technical faculty
of Kyrgyz-Russian Slavonic University, Shamil Ilyasov, talks about this problem
in an interview with the Regnum news agency.

[Regnum news agency:] Are glaciers shrinking in Kyrgyzstan?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] Currently there is no clear monitoring of glaciers' state.
Classification of glaciers has not been carried out since 1960s-1970s. To assess
the glaciers' state for 2000, we researched separate glaciers in our country as
well as in Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and China. To calculate the amount of water
and the size of glaciers, the Academy of Sciences has drawn up a digital model
of the entire territory of Kyrgyzstan. The territory of Kyrgyzstan was divided
into squares with its side of 500 metres and classified each square: type of
soil, vegetation, slope, orientation - northern or southern slope and the like.
It was done to calculate where water will flow, absorbed or evaporated.

As a result we found that the size of glaciers reduced by 15 per cent from 1960
to 2000. Small glaciers have reduced above all.

[Regnum news agency:] Why the glaciers are shrinking?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] This is because the temperature has increased by 0.7 degree in
the world in the past century [as published]. This is enough for glaciers to
start melting. Obviously, the industrial sector has affected the warming
process. On the other hand, of course, there is no industry where the glaciers
located in Kyrgyzstan, except, for example, the Kumtor gold mining enterprise -
the pit is located near glaciers and human factor exists there.

We have made the following forecast on the basis of our calculations: We tried
to find the answer to the question of what will happen if temperature will raise
in accordance with the same tendency observed so far. This is because the
temperature changed unevenly in the past 100 years: changes were slow in the
first half of the century and the process significantly increased in the second
half of the century. If the humankind fails to take efficient measures to change
the emerging situation and confine itself to taking half-measures as it has been
the case now, then the temperature will increase by about 4-6 per cent in
Kyrgyzstan. If this happens, nobody will be able to prevent catastrophic
results. All small glaciers will completely disappear and there will be just
several large glaciers located at the high-altitude mountains. Depending on the
temperature and precipitation, in the next 100 years, the number of glaciers
will reduce by 100 times, mainly at the expense of small glaciers. And their
size will reduce by 10 times. This is the worst scenario.

So far there has been no global contribution to resolving the problem. And this
is despite the fact that the Kyoto protocol has been adopted and some countries
have taken commitments on themselves. At the same time, greenhouse gas emissions
are further growing. The Kyoto protocol has made no real contribution to
resolving the global problem. It is impossible to predict what will happen next.
In the opinion of European experts, the temperature will rise by two degrees at
maximum, which is acceptable from the point of damage to humans and the
environment. But to achieve this, it is necessary to sharply reduce emissions
and this concerns not only the developed countries but all the countries in the
world. This is because those countries included in the list of top ten countries
in the world in terms of amounts of emissions are either not members of the
protocol or have no commitments in this field, for example, as developing
countries. This concerns, above all, the USA that is the leader in terms of
emissions. The following countries have no Kyoto commitments: China (as
developing country), Brazil, South Korea and some other countries which are not
members of the protocol.

[Regnum news agency:] Could you tell us about methods of reducing emissions?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] It is energy efficiency; in other words reducing losses of
heat when heating building. This is a difficult task; all buildings need to be
modified. Another method is introduction of renewable energy sources, but this
requires money. At the moment, these kinds of untraditional sources of energy
account for less than 1 per cent of all energy generated in Central Asia. What
is the reason for that? The reason is that they are expensive. Instead of
getting energy with the help of solar batteries, countries like our country buy
coal because it is cheaper. It is cheaper to bring coal from the [Russia's] Far
East, from Sakhalin, than install solar energy batteries here in our country.
There no budget funds for that in Kyrgyzstan. First, it is difficult process to
install solar batteries; and second is that corruption is rife in the country.
In fact there is no real chance for introduction of solar energy systems in our
country.

[Regnum news agency:] How does the volume of glaciers influence the amount of
water flow?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] The volume has little influence. The peak of melting and water
flow will take place approximately in 2020-2030. By then it [the volume of
glaciers] will account for 20 per cent [of the water flow]. The rest will be the
precipitation component of the water flow, i.e. rain. Just imagine: there is
rain but the temperature is higher than usually. Then evaporation will be faster
and little water will go to the river. In this case, when temperature rises, the
water flow will be less even though the amount of precipitation will be the
same.

[Regnum news agency:] Is there the possibility that, in keeping with the above
tendency, water in the rivers will be less? How much less it will be?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] Of cause there is such a possibility. The forecasts say that
if the worst comes to worst then the volume of water flow will reduce by 40 per
cent as compared the current water flow. This is a threat to the energy basis of
Kyrgyzstan because hydroelectric power stations generate about 93 per cent of
all electricity in the country. New hydroelectric power stations being built in
Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan may not cover the expenses because they will be left
without water.

[Regnum news agency:] Is there any alternative to hydroelectric power stations?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] The alternative is nuclear power stations. Talk about
construction of nuclear power stations is rife in the corridors of the Ministry
of Energy. But so far it has been just talk. Japan and Armenia can be an example
of successful construction of nuclear power stations in seismic zones. Apart
from this, for Kyrgyzstan, a nuclear power station will not be more expensive
than a hydroelectric power station. The only important things in this matter
are: precision, responsibility and good specialists. The slipshod attitude that
is in our blood is not allowed in this field. Any mistake can become very costly
for us.

[Regnum news agency:] In other words the whole set of problems will arise with
warming?.

[Shamil Ilyasov:] Of course, and, above all, this will hit the agriculture.
Traditional abundance of water has led to the barbaric system of using water for
agricultural needs. Over 90 per cent of water in the country is used for
irrigation needs. The approximate forecast is as following: the temperature will
rise and the amount of water will remain at the same level. The weather will be
drier and the climate will be even draughtier. One should not forget that the
glacier component makes contribution to water flow during the summer; in other
words the contribution is made at a time when there is minimum precipitation.
This means that at a time when water is badly needed, there will be no water.

Kyrgyzstan is a zone of forming water resources. Our country is located on
mountains and water from our country flows to China, Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.
Out of 47 cu. km. of water [accumulated in Kyrgyzstan], we use less than 10 cu.
km. The rest go away. This means that we will have enough water even if the
water flow fells five times, but not the other countries.

[Passage omitted: Ilyasov notes the need to use water economically]

[Regnum news agency:] How much Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and China depend on
Kyrgyzstan in terms of water?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] China does not depend very much because the Chinese
territories that are adjacent to Kyrgyzstan have been thinly populated so far.
As for Kazakhstan, then two big rivers go there - Chuy and Talas. The River
Naryn and all its tributaries go to Uzbekistan. Kazakhstan's dependency is
bigger because areas adjacent to the border are densely populated. Uzbekistan
depends [on water coming from Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan] a great deal. Water to
Uzbekistan goes via the territory of Tajikistan; but a significant amount of
water - about 20 per cent [of all water flowing into the country from the
territories of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan] - goes there from our county as well.
The flow of water into Uzbekistan mainly comes from Tajikistan, but the problem
is that the same tendencies can be observed in Tajikistan. This kind of
development of events is catastrophic for Uzbekistan because they cultivate and
export cotton which is hygrophilous culture. They need to radically change the
structure of their agriculture.

[Regnum news agency:] How useful is idea for regional countries to build
additional water reservoirs on their territories?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] Water reservoirs always have their disadvantages - excessive
waste, percolation, evaporation from its surface and the like. Apart from this,
there will not be enough water to fill reservoirs. For example, we cannot fill
the Toktogul reservoir with water; water there has been regularly discharged [to
increase electricity generation].

[Regnum news agency:] Can underground waters help in resolving the problem?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] Underground waters are helping a great deal. A case in point
is the northern bank of Issyk-Kul [lake]. Practically the entire agriculture
depends on underground waters there. Of course it is clear that underground
waters are linked with surface ones, though it is not fully clear how they are
linked. Periodical increases in the level of water on Issyk-Kul Lake have to do
not with the precipitation-flow balance or evaporation but with underground
waters.

[Regnum news agency:] Can the volumes of underground waters be calculated?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] The volumes have been calculated and their amount is great.
But if this water is continued to be used as now, then its amount will not be
enough for agriculture. It is necessary to change the structure of using water.
By taking into consideration the forecasts, it is necessary to change the
structure of agriculture in advance. And big problems are there in this field
because about 300,000-400,000 [land] owners have been involved in this and they
are disunited. Now the point is how to unite them. Collectivization is needed to
some extent. But this idea should not be driven to extremes. Problems need to be
resolved jointly. When there are many users, then, as a rule, nobody wants
anything. Because the country is poor, nothing comes out of it. We cannot use
resources to resolve this problem because we do not simply have them.

[Regnum news agency:] How do you assess the situation in Tajikistan compared
with Kyrgyzstan?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] The situation is approximately the same. They simply are
deeper in crisis. If there is rotational power cut-offs in Kyrgyzstan, then
there are rotational power supplies in that country - electricity is given for
several hours and then switched off.

[Regnum news agency:] Uzbekistan has of late been expressing its worries over
danger coming of possible accidents at the Toktogul hydroelectric power station.
How realistic is the assumption that the dam might be flashed away? How much
damage may Uzbekistan sustain in this case?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] This is rubbish. The dam cannot be flooded away in any way.
The dam is concrete mass of huge width. It is almost excluded that it might be
flashed away or destroyed. Apart from this, Uzbekistan is not very close. After
the dam, [the River] Naryn runs via the Kyrgyz territory a long way before
reaching Uzbekistan. I don't think that this kind of development of events may
inflict a serious damage on Uzbekistan.

[Regnum news agency:] Can something be done within the framework of the region
to prevent world tendencies?

[Shamil Ilyasov:] The pace at which the glaciers are melted cannot be reduced in
any way. The glaciers' surface current cannot be reduced as well. By the way,
Central Asian countries' emission of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere is
minimal. Even if our countries stop completely emitting greenhouse gases into
the atmosphere the world will not notice it. Nothing depends on our countries.
Our countries simply need to adapt to the situation.

Source: Regnum news agency, Moscow, in Russian 0900 gmt 17 Dec 09

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Portales, News-Tribune (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Organic program at 'crossroads'

BYLINE: Eamon Scarbrough, The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 668 words


Aug. 03--Area farmers were invited by to the Roosevelt County Extension Office
Tuesday afternoon to voice their concerns and ask questions about the the New
Mexico Department of Agriculture's organic program.

David Lucero, division director of marketing and development with NMDA, opened
the meeting with a presentation that illustrated challenges facing the organic
program, saying that "the current assessment fee structure does not provide
sufficient funding to cover the cost of operation."

"When I first took over the program, the first thing I did was I ran some cash
flow statements and some income and expense statements, and I knew immediately
that, based on the number of people that we had, the size of each of the farms
and the criteria and how it was set up, I knew it wasn't going to cash flow,"
Lucero said. "We knew that we had this $200,000 that was coming in, and we knew
we could buy a little time until we figured it out. Well, we've spent all of the
money, and we still haven't figured it out. That's why we're here now."

According to NMDA Deputy Director Anthony Parra, the organic program is at a
"crossroads," and NMDA wanted to "get the feel for what people wanted us to do.
How do we design it going forward? The main message that I want to carry forward
from the secretary's office is that we see organic production from the state as
blossoming and growing."

When Parra asked the farmers if the state government needs to be in the same
business as the private sector as far as organic certification, Robert Gordon of
Gorma Dairy in northern Quay County said that he thought so.

He continued by asking Parra what percentage of organic is certified through
NMDA.

"We can't answer that. I don't have a solid answer," Parra said.

Another question directed at the farmers was whether they would be willing to
carry an initiative to look at changing the program's fee structure.

"Our application, inspection and certification fee for renewal is $200. If you
go to the private sector, it's about $1,063 for certification, application and
inspection, plus travel costs," Lucero said.

He mentioned that eight companies technically generate 55 to 60 percent of the
total income of the organic program.

"We certify somewhere in the neighborhood of 152, 153, right around that number.
There's eight of them at the very top that generate 55 percent of the income.
There's about another 40 that will generate $650 or more in assessments, and
then the remaining amount, which is 100 plus, generate less," he said.

Gordon said that not all fees for organic certification and assessment should be
set up the same.

"We're going to go somewhere else. We're going to be forced to. I hate to say
it, but the small guys have got to pay what it costs. We're paying more than it
costs," he said.

The presentation offered three separate options for consideration: Continuing
the program with an advisor and a certifier or inspector, continuing with only a
certifier or inspector or continuing only with an advisor.

When surveyed about what option they would prefer, four people voted for the
first option, which is the current state of the department. There were no hands
raised for the other two options.

Albin Smith of Red Roof Dairy said that while the program "could live without"
the advisor position if it had to, he was interested in continuing with an
advisor.

Parra stressed to the farmers the importance of perseverance at this juncture.

"We can't quit in good faith in the middle of a certification year. We can't
walk away and leave people hanging in mid-process. We're committed to carrying
the program forward for a while," he said. "That's why we're here today. We've
got a window, a 60-day lawmaking session, coming up. If the industry decides it
wants to look forward and wants to keep the program, then we need to start
getting it together."

___ (c)2016 The Portales News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) Visit The Portales
News-Tribune (Clovis, N.M.) at www.pntonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160803-PV-Organic-program-at-crossroads-0803-20160803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PV


                          Copyright 2016 The Portales


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

New Wage - Govs Want Sovereign Wealth Fund Suspended

BYLINE: Mohammed S. Shehu

LENGTH: 683  words


Governors of the 36 states of the federation are calling for the review of the
Sovereign Wealth Fund (SWF) as a condition for the payment of the N18, 000
minimum wage, saying SWF short-changes revenue flows.

Benue State Governor Gabriel Suswam and his Bauchi State counterpart, Isa
Yuguda, disclosed this yesterday while briefing newsmen shortly after the maiden
meeting of the National Economic Council (NEC) held at the Council Chamber of
the State House, Abuja.

The Federal Government has, however, set up an intervening committee headed by
Vice President Mohammed Namadi Sambo to discuss with the governors on how to
redress the stalemate that has been trailing the operation of the Sovereign
Wealth Fund (SWF), which the governors termed as "unconstitutional."

The SWF was set up by the federal government to replace the current arrangement
by which earnings above the budgetary benchmark price of crude oil are expected
to be transferred to the fund set up to replace the country's Excess Crude
Account (ECA). But the governors opposed the arrangement on grounds that it
would deny access to resources to meet their funding obligations, especially the
national minimum wage and other financial commitments.

A source close to the governors said the 36 state governors want the ECA to be
reinstated and that funding for SWF to be sourced from another source, arguing
that ECA was a federation account that should belong to the three tiers of
government-federal, states and local governments.

The governors' position came just as the Federal Government yesterday announced
plans to set up the Nigerian Incentive-based Risk Sharing Agricultural Lending
System (NIRSAS) to provide succour to farmers through loans at an interest rate
to be determined by the banks and other market forces.

Suswam said education minister Rukayyatu Rufai and her state counterpart Nyesom
Wike, also briefed the council on statistics of education sub- sector while the
National Population Commission briefed the council on data and survey in the
education sub-sector.

He said, "The Nigeria Governors Forum is not averse to the SWF, the issue is
that in the implementation vis-à-vis what we agreed on before, there are slight
differences but as we talk to you, there is a small committee headed by the Vice
President that is meeting with the President for further discussion on it.

"What we want is that some review have to be made giving the reality of the
situation that we found ourselves now. We are talking about the minimum wage and
that requires a lot of money in the hands of the state to meet those
obligations. So we are looking at it that giving these additional
responsibilities, there is also the need for us to look at the way that the
implementation of the SWF would be carried out."

Yuguda said the opposition to the SWF was the unanimous position of the 36 state
governors and that they have resolved to challenge the legal status of the fund.

He said, "If some of the dynamics involved might impact positively as it were,
certainly the governors will have a review of the position because maybe it has
been viewed by the state governors that is a way of short-changing the revenue
flows coming in tax and besides the legality involved."

Speaking on the agric fund, the CBN Governor Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, represented
by deputy director Kingsley Moghalu, said the lending system would be a private
sector led-initiative, noting that the CBN would only participate in it by
providing risk sharing mechanism to share the risk with banks.

He said, " is a transformational initiative of the Central Bank of Nigeria
working in partnership with a number of stakeholders including the presidency,
the ministries of agriculture, finance and the state governors to transform
agriculture in this country by multiplying agricultural lending, increasing
access to credit by farmers and to target agricultural lending from the concept
and perspective of value chains."

He said the system would take care of the various links in agriculture starting
from cultivation to harvest, transportation to storage and processing to export.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 14, 2010 Monday

County fairs struggle with state budget pinch

BYLINE: Greg Olson, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 865 words


Jun. 14--Some county fair organizers are having to cut expenses this summer
because the state is behind in payments.

Jeff Squibb, communications manager for the Illinois Department of Agriculture,
said premium payments for many 4-H and other exhibitors still haven't been paid
from last year.

"We're certainly aware of the challenges that the state's finances are having on
the services, including those provided by county fairs," Squibb told The
Associated Press. "Because of the unprecedented state finances and the cash-flow
problems the state is facing, the premiums for the fairs held in 2009 have not
been paid yet."

Here's how some fair organizers are dealing with the situation:

MORGAN COUNTY

The financial situation between the state and the Morgan County Fair is better
than in some other counties.

"We received most of the premium money that the state said we would receive for
junior fair exhibitors," said John Tomhave, president of the Morgan County Fair
Association. "We received about 90 percent of the money we asked for."

In Morgan County, the 4-H fair and the junior fair are held simultaneously, but
they are two distinct fairs.

"Some counties just hold a 4-H fair and others hold only a junior fair," Tomhave
said. "We are kind of unique in that we hold the 4-H fair and the junior fair at
the same time."

Tomhave said Morgan County Fair officials have monitored the evaporating revenue
stream from the state and have adjusted the junior fair's budget accordingly.

"We are continuing to seek other revenue sources to maintain the fairgrounds and
the shows," Tomhave said. "We are really excited about the concert with Craig
Morgan and we have worked on buildings and roads to improve the grounds. This
year's fair will also feature chain saw carvers, more local entertainment and
Taylor Ware singing the national anthem."

The Morgan County Fair runs July 7-11.

SCOTT COUNTY

In Scott County, fair officials have already raised some money for exhibitors'
premiums they may not receive from the state.

"We are not sure of the reimbursement the state will give us this year," said
Bob Schafer, president of the Scott County Fair Board. "And in order to cover
ourselves, we held a fundraiser at the fairgrounds June 2. The money we raised
from that event will go to cover premiums for exhibitors.

"We don't anticipate cutbacks in premiums offered this year, but not knowing
what the future holds, we may have to have more fundraisers."

Schafer said because the fair board believes it will not receive state
reimbursements for fairground improvements, fair officials have not incurred any
major expenses this year.

"We are trying to maintain what we have here and hope we can in the future," he
said.

The Scott County 4-H and Junior Fair will be held Aug. 1-6.

GREENE COUNTY

Greene County, whose fair is running this week and is the first in central
Illinois, has an advantage over other counties because the dates come at the end
of the county fair board's fiscal year, Mark Walker, secretary of the Greene
County Agricultural Fair Inc., told The Associated Press.

"Our fair is at the end of the (state) fiscal year, so we know a good
guesstimate of what our budget is," he said. "We can kind of adjust as such. We
have gone through some cost-cutting efforts of our own."

But the Greene County Fair is still offering some new events this year, he said,
bringing in the Hot Farm Association tractor pull to go along with the county
tractor pull on Thursday evening.

"It's one we're hoping will help us out quite a bit," he said. "One of the other
initiatives is we're bringing back sand volleyball. We're hoping money we bring
in from that will bolster us so we can do what we need to do to promote the
agricultural scene."

Greene County lost 9 percent of its fair budget in 2009, operating with about
$250,000. This year, the fair will probably see a further cut of 6 or 7 percent,
Walker said.

SANGAMON COUNTY

The Sangamon County Fair has a budget of nearly $500,000 annually, according to
Steve Walter, president of the Sangamon County Fair and Agricultural
Association.

Typically, the fair receives about $65,000 from the state each year, but Walter
told The Associated Press that the Sangamon County Fair has gotten nothing this
year and is bracing for more of the same.

Despite that, the public shouldn't expect to see many changes in the 2010 fair,
which will take place June 16-20 at the fairgrounds in New Berlin.

"We're going to try to keep things the same as always," Walter said. "The only
change we made in the budget is we didn't budget a lot of money for repairs or
building projects. As far as the fair goes, as the public's going to see it,
it's going to be the same.

"We're going to keep it the same price and try to tighten our belt and get by."

To see more of the Jacksonville Journal-Courier or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.myjournalcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010,
Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100614-JJ-EDIT-COUNTY-FAIRS-20100614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2010 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           November 10, 2005 Thursday

In America, mountains of corn;
As bumper crop piles up, farm subsidies near all-time high

BYLINE: Alexei Barrionuevo

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 963 words

DATELINE: RALSTON, Iowa


As Iowa finishes harvesting its second-largest corn crop in history, Roger Fray
is racing to cope with the most visible challenge arising from the ballooning
U.S. farm-subsidy program: a giant pile of corn.

Soaring to a height of more than 60 feet, or 18 meters, and spreading the width
of a soccer field, the mound of corn behind the headquarters of West Central
Cooperative here resembles a little yellow ski hill.

''There is no engineering class that teaches you how to cover a pile like
this,'' Fray, the company's executive vice president for grain marketing, said
from the adjacent road. ''This is country creativity.''

At 2.7 million bushels, the huge pile illustrates the explosive growth in corn
production by American farmers in recent years, which this year is estimated to
reach a nationwide total of at least 10.9 billion bushels, second only to the
11.8 billion bushels last year.

But the bumper crop this season is too much of a good thing, underscoring what
critics call a paradox at the heart of the government farm-subsidy program:
America's efficient farmers may be encouraged to produce far more than the
country can use, depressing prices and raising subsidy payments.

In other words, because the U.S. government wants to help America's farmers, it
essentially ends up paying them when they produce too much as well as when their
crop prices are too low.

The huge volumes this season are weighing heavily on U.S. farmers, who already
have suffered a string of misfortunes: a large overhang of grain from last year,
soaring energy costs, two Gulf Coast hurricanes that stymied transportation in
August and September and a severe drought that distorted prices. Taken together,
these events have depressed corn prices and made this potentially the most
expensive harvest ever for the U.S. government.

Even as the Bush administration tries to persuade member nations of the World
Trade Organization that it is serious about trimming agricultural subsidies,
federal spending on farm payments is closing in on the record of $22.9 billion
set in 2000, when the effects of the Asian financial crisis caused American
exports to fall and crop prices to sink, pushing the U.S. farm belt into a
recession.

If export sales stay weak, the subsidies this year could break that record. Last
week, the U.S. Agriculture Department raised its projection of payments to
farmers by $1.3 billion, to $22.7 billion. In 2004, the subsidies were $13.3
billion

In response to pressure, the Bush administration said last month that the United
States was prepared to cut its most trade-distorting farm subsidies 60 percent
over five years. Poor countries, which tend to be heavily dependent on
agriculture, complain that American and European Union farm subsidies lead
growers to produce gluts that depress crop prices around the world.

The Agriculture Department's $1.3 billion revision comes primarily from higher
loan deficiency payments, which are now estimated to total $6.2 billion, said
the Agriculture Department's chief economist, Keith Collins. Such payments are
meant to cushion the blow for farmers who borrow money to raise crops but then
have to sell them in the market for less.

Most of that money will flow to corn growers.

Based on loan-deficiency rates that have recently topped 50 cents a bushel, the
government is likely to pay corn farmers about $4.5 billion this year in that
subsidy category alone, said Bob Young, the chief economist for the American
Farm Bureau Federation.

For critics of the American subsidy system, the record corn production
highlights the tenuous assumptions underlying the program.

Farmers are encouraged to produce as much as they can, with the idea that
greater exports will soak up the excess production. More recently, there have
been high hopes for using corn to produce ethanol for gasoline, though the
infrastructure to produce large amounts of ethanol would take time to build.

But the huge volumes in recent years have not been matched by greater demand for
U.S. corn, and the problems created by two big harvests, along with the stifling
effect of Hurricane Katrina on grain transportation after the storm struck in
late August, have kept exports in check, analysts and grain traders said.

''We are still in a condition of grossly overproducing for what the market can
pay, at least what the market can pay that is acceptable to our corn
producers,'' said Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Working Group, a
group based in Washington that has been critical of farm subsidies. ''We can't
make up the difference in the export market, and the taxpayers are on the
hook.''

The past two years of bumper harvests have shown how skilled American farmers
have become at producing corn. More drought-resistant seeds, improved pesticides
and more efficient farming practices have all contributed to higher yields,
farmers and grain managers said.

Nearly perfect growing conditions helped produce the record crop last year. But
this year the biggest surprise came in Illinois, which despite suffering its
worst drought since 1988 still managed to produce a large crop. The drought made
many farmers hesitant to sell their corn at depressed prices, decisions that
significantly worsened what became an excessive surplus.

Government incentives to produce more have also helped make the large corn
harvests possible. Farmers are hardly shy about exploiting the government safety
net provided by guaranteed loan deficiency payments, or LDP.

''Everybody leans on the LDPs as much as they can,'' said Ash Kading, a farmer
in western Iowa who was harvesting his last few rows of corn late last week.
''It is like opening up the federal Treasury. There were quite a few people this
year that wish corn prices would go to zero because they would have a bigger
LDP.''

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Gramley: Spending, Not Housing, to Lead Rebound

                           September 17, 1982, Friday

By LINDA W. McCORMICK

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The economic recovery will be led by increases in consumer and defense spending,
not the traditional early recovery of the housing industry, Lyle E. Gramley, a
Federal Reserve Board governor, cautioned a House Agriculture subcommittee
Thursday.

Mr. Gramley told the House agriculture subcommittee on forests, family farms,
and energy that if Congress is anxious for housing and business improvements, it
must do more to reduce federal deficits. But the Fed itself has ''no intention
of abandoning the basic monetary discipline'' it has imposed on the economy, Mr.
Gramley added.

The Fed forecast annoyed committee chairman James Weaver, a Democrat whose
heavily forested Oregon district has been hard hit by decreased demand for
timber products. Mr. Weaver, who said that in some parts of his district 30% of
the workers are unemployed, frequently criticized Fed policies during the
oversight hearing on the housing and forest products industry. He urged the Fed
to set its targets for money growth higher for both this year and next. Mr.
Weaver also suggested that credit controls might be necessary to direct money
''into some areas that will revive our economy.''

Controls Rejected

But Mr. Gramley rejected credit controls and instead urged Congress to do more
to reduce the federal deficits, which have increased the government's borrowing
requirements.

Other witnesses at the hearing included Federal Home Loan Bank Board chairman
Richard T. Pratt, Congressonal Budget Office director Alice Rivlin, U.S.
Department of Agriculture assistant secretary for natural resources John
Crowell, and panels of economists and labor and forestry experts.

Mrs. Rivlin said a ''potential collision'' is looming between fiscal and
monetary policy that could keep real interest rates higher than they might
otherwise be. She said the reason the economic recovery has been projected to be
moderate is because of restraint in the growth of money supply. ''But that's not
necessarily bad,'' said the budget office director, who reminded the committee
that some economists fear that looser money growth could spur another round of
inflation.

The budget office expects moderate recovery in the second half of this year to
continue next year, Mrs. Rivlin said. And along with that recovery, provided
that no fiscal or monetary changes are made, home construction will return to
previous trend levels in the next few years. But economic policies that would
reduce the deficits, coupled with a loosening of monetary policy, could
stimulate additional growth, she said.

Housing Starts May Improve

Mr. Pratt agreed that the cyclical nature of the recession will eventually
improve housing starts. However, he repeated a warning he often has delivered to
Congress that the way Americans view their housing requirements is changing and
that the evolution may reduce the demand for the large, single-family home.

''Even when this cycle turns, I feel that the evolutionary changes that are
taking place may result in a relatively subdued housing market,'' Mr. Pratt
said. When the recession ends, housing will no longer be viewed as the ''go-go
investment'' that it was during the 1970s and new investment opportunities will
give savers more choices of where to put their money, the Bank Board chairman
said. The market rates offered to savers will mean that mortgage rates will
reflect the marketplace and rates for home loans will not sink to a low level
that will entice home owners to leverage housing into other investments, Mr.
Pratt said.

The FHLBB chief urged that Congress approve the pending thrift restructuring
legislation as one way of improving the credit flows to home buyers. However, he
cautioned that the thrift industry's problems cannot be resolved overnight, even
if interest rates come down even more.

''The Bank Board has projected that even if interest rates on short-term
Treasury instruments in 1982 average 9.5% -- there was a 12.3% average for the
first eight months of 1982 -- then yearend 1982 would see some 1,146 S&Ls, with
$250 billion in assets, at or below the 3% net worth level,'' Mr. Pratt said.

''Should 9.5% rates continue, this category would increase to 1,334 associations
representing $324 billion in assets by the end of 1983. Institutions exhausing
their capital over the two-year period under the 9.5% scenario would number
about 227, with total assets of $53 billion.''

In a separate letter to Senate majority leader Howard Baker of Tennessee
released by the Bank Board Thursday, Mr. Pratt said the S&L industry has lost a
total of $3.9 billion through the end of July, compared to $2.3 billion during
the first seven months of 1981.

''There are 1,000 associations -- virtually one-fourth of the entire industry --
with insufficient net worth to survive the next two years at their current loss
rate,'' Mr. Pratt said in the letter, which was meant to encourage the Senate to
pass a thrift restructuring bill, S. 2879.  He added that S&Ls have lost $10
billion in net new deposits this year and predicted that the outflows would
continue at least through the early part of next year.

But at the House hearing Thursday, Mr. Weaver said he was unconvinced that the
restructuring legislation would accomplish its purpose. He said he feared that
S&L restructuring would simply create more banks.

Mr. Weaver also said he was opposed to the FHLBB's decision to approve a merger
between Fidelity Savings of San Francisco and Citicorp. The subcommittee
chairman said he was concerned that the big, out-of-state bank holding company
would simply drain deposits from the California S&L. Mr. Pratt defended the
move, saying that Fidelity would continue to operate as an S&L only, so its
lending would be done in California. He also said the merger would make
Citicorp, as both a bank holding company and an S&L holding company, the most
heavily regulated financial institution in the country.

The concern over concentration of economic resources had emerged earlier in the
hearing when Idaho Republican George Hansen requested that the Congressional
Budget Office study the flow of capital from rural areas to money centers.
''When we're talking about lesser developed country loans, maybe we should be
talking about lesser developed county loans,'' Mr. Hansen said.

Another administration official disputed some of Mr. Pratt's remarks at the
hearing. John Crowell, the Agriculture Department's assistant secterary for
natural resources, said his agency continues to foresee an increased demand for
timber products. He said the forest service is sticking to its prediction that
the demand for more and larger housing will continue. Mr. Crowell said the
forest service would look into Mr. Pratt's predictions.

Mr. Weaver said he was distressed by the administration testimony because there
had been ''no incentives advanced'' for ways to improve housing conditions now.
He told Mr. Crowell that at the least, the forest service should shift resources
to timber land improvement and should begin new road building projects that
would improve employment. He also said he saw need for ''drastic changes in both
monetary and fiscal policy,'' although he did not advance specific plans.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1209 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1982 American Banker, Inc.


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             July 31, 2014 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Treasury negotiates VAT proposal with farmers

BYLINE: LINDA ENSOR

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 514  words


Treasury negotiates VAT proposal with farmers

Political Correspondent

CAPE TOWN - The Treasury is in talks with the agriculture industry to compromise
on its proposal to scrap a value-added tax (VAT) concession for the sector which
the South African Revenue Service says costs at least a confirmed R600m and up
to an estimated R4bn a year in revenue lost to fraud.

Two meetings had been held and further engagements were planned, Treasury deputy
director-general for tax and financial sector policy Ismail Momoniat said
yesterday. The issue was how quickly farmers could get their VAT refunds to
avoid cash-flow problems.

Farmers are opposing the proposal that the zero rating on six agricultural
inputs including fertiliser, maize, animal remedies, animal feed, pesticides,
plants and seeds be scrapped. They say this will cause a cash-flow crisis and
force them to borrow money.

Instead of not paying VAT they will in terms of the proposal in the draft
Taxation Laws Amendment Bill pay VAT upfront and claim a refund. SARS group
executive for legislative research and development Franz Tomasek told
Parliament's standing committee on finance yesterday farmers were abusing the
concession originally granted to provide them with short-term cash-flow relief.

Vendors misrepresented themselves to suppliers to acquire goods at the zero rate
when they were not eligible, or colluded with suppliers to acquire nonauthorised
goods by fabricating invoices.

Mr Tomasek said an audit of a limited number of transactions showed that R600m
in tax had been lost to the state. On the basis of these figures SARS estimated
that the total annual loss for all transactions could be as high as R4bn.

& SARS is of the view that the risks of the zero rating are ever increasing and
impossible to manage adequately,& he said.

Farming needed to be brought into the general VAT rules that applied to everyone
else.

He conceded that the change would have cash-flow implications for farmers but
said SARS was engaging with them on this issue.

Democratic Alliance MP David Ross said farmers normally filed their VAT refund
claims on a two- monthly, six-monthly or even yearly basis and would therefore
have to borrow funds to tide them over until they received their refunds. He
said the industry paid about R100bn in taxes so the R4bn lost was insignificant
and due to a few offenders.

Mr Tomasek responded that there was nothing stopping farmers from starting to
file once or twice a month. & If you are on a monthly filing system and you put
your return in on time, the odds are that we can get you your refund before you
have to pay your supplier. Then the cash-flow problem disappears.& Farmers' body
AgriSA has estimated that indebted farmers would have to secure financing of
R200m a year while waiting for VAT refunds.

It said many small-scale farmers were not registered for VAT and could not claim
refunds.

SARS is also proposing to take action against the fraudulent or misleading use
of its name and logos which Mr Tomasek said had become prevalent in domain
names, the internet and social media.

ensorl@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

Win Mott: When fat cats see their water wells go dry

BYLINE: Deming Headlight

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 775 words


There is a New Mexico version of an old saying that notes, "Whisky is for
drinking and water is for fighting," instead of the reverse. The history of our
state has been a verification of that thought. The scarcity of a necessary
commodity causes disputes.

California is now experiencing a prolonged drought and is reacting in ways that
affirm the old saying. Californians are, for the most part, not cheerful about
deprivation and prefer the affluent life for which they are famous. For more
than a century in California, the need of a booming population for water and a
robust desert agricultural industry existed together by draining all the
available water from an increasingly wider geographic circle. The portions that
each area and special interest were to receive were hammered out in
negotiations, and the price was kept cheap and exceedingly cheap for
California's farms, which depend almost entirely on irrigation. There were some
unsettling predictors. The Colorado River, source of a large percentage of
southern California's water, was so completely tapped that it no longer reached
the sea. The Owens Valley, once a verdant and productive place, was sucked dry
by Los Angeles' thirst. Still, enough water kept arriving.

Until it finally happened. The rains and snows did not come, and even some
recent rain will not be close to meeting the need. As many New Mexicans have
previously discovered, having water rights is not the same as having water.

The allotments of water must be drastically reduced. What to do? A sensible
solution might be conservation, but that is not southern California's style, and
the feeble attempts are ironic. In highway rest areas, for example, CalTrans has
put up signs suggesting ways to conserve, like not running the faucet when you
brush your teeth. The sign is surrounded by perhaps three acres of rest area
lawn out in the desert, watered by CalTrans. You could brush an enormous amount
of teeth with the water needed to keep that grass green.

And since water is for fighting, various special interests want theirs, and
"devil take the hindmost." Farmland bordering the highways, usually owned by
massive corporations, sprouts a continuous crop of signs with sentiments as
"Congress has caused this dust bowl," and "Food grows where water flows," and
more pointed messages suggesting that you will pay higher food prices if the
farmers don't get the main share of the water.

Reality is clearly not sinking in. While most of us are unhappy with Congress,
few would blame them because water doesn't flow in a drought, especially since
the agribusiness involved seems oblivious to the impact of climate change. But
it is indicative of an attitude, which says if we spend a lot of government
money on this, water will flow. We have come a long ways from our rural roots
and apparently believe water is simply like money, something the government can
issue as it pleases.

And food does grow where water flows. But water has never flowed much in
southern California, so the argument that water should be made to flow from the
rest of America to California is spurious. If drought is severe enough, you
cannot buy your way out of it. The two most logical reactions to it are serious
conservation measures and moving farming to where water really does flow. That
much water law, here and in California, still penalizes conservation (because it
is based on granting more water to those who use more) tells you that our nation
is not responding to the reality of a new situation, and that the fighting is
going to get much worse and common sense is going to be trumped by
self-interest. The desert Southwest, and especially southern California, are
patently not a good place for water-intensive crops. But the big corporations
involved are much more interested in next quarter's profits than in the care of
the Earth.

It is, of course, those who see themselves as practical and successful
businessmen and women who are living in a dreamland where the gifts of earth,
air and water are seen as products to be exploited for profit. Eventually, that
will lead to the drastic reduction of those resources, and perhaps that moment
of truth is dawning in California. We who are sold their products might want to
start some conserving of our own, supplementing food with homegrown crops
appropriate to our area, by switching the grass lawn to a desert-style
xeriscape, by questioning the wisdom of water-intensive practices such as
fracking and natural gas production in dry places and all the things we can do
to mitigate drought and recover our care for God's good creation.

Win Mott is the Desert Sage. He lives in Columbus

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mott

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     May 26, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

A West where the salmon aren't

BYLINE: HUEY JOHNSON; SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 930 words


Renegotiating the Pacific Salmon Treaty is turning out to be a bone in the craw
of Canada-U.S. relations. The U.S. wants more of the fishery; Canada doesn't
want to surrender any of its share of the fishery. So the treaty talks are
stalled. The Americans have a problem - a fishery in peril. A California
commentator says they have only themselves to blame, for letting agriculture and
power interests destroy their rivers and spawning grounds.

THE SALMON are dying. After returning for thousands of summers to provide food,
inspiration and a symbol of life to West Coast Americans, the wild runs of
salmon have collapsed. They now face extinction.

This year, for the first time, there will be no salmon season in northern
California, Oregon and Washington.

For years, people have taken for granted the limitless millions of salmon just
as they took for granted the continued existence of the buffalo, which at one
time numbered 40 million.

And just as the buffalo were wiped out (in part, by government edict, to starve
out warring Indians) so is the salmon's decline linked to politics -- the
politics of mismanaged public water subsidies.

If there is ever to be a wake-up call for the human race, the collapse of the
salmon fishery should be it.

It is an indicator of the over-all decline of the ecosystems we depend upon. At
the same time, it is a problem we know exactly how to solve: We need to allow
more water to flow freely through the spawning streams.

Tragically, we have not yet developed the political will to do it.

The water needed to save the salmon is supposed to be legally committed to that
purpose, but the agriculture industry, which controls about 85 per cent of the
western states' water supply, has no intention of sharing enough to maintain the
salmon as a living industry.

What rankles is that the money killing the salmon essentially comes from the
taxpayers' pockets: The huge political contributions that buy the souls of
politicians are made possible by the equally huge subsidies the government gives
to agriculture.

These subsidies were intended in the early years of this century to help
establish agriculture in the West. The taxpayers built the eight high dams on
the Columbia River, most of the many dams blocking California's canyons and the
concrete canals that feed water to the Central Valley agricultural interests.

The taxpayer foots the bill when agribusinesses buy their water at far below the
cost of providing it.

While the original motive for the subsidies may have been worthy, what has
resulted is a huge, well-fed snout feeding at the public trough while squealing
about the sanctity of free enterprise.

The lobbyists play on public sympathies with talk of poor family-farmers eking
out a living, but the reality is that California agriculture is dominated by
huge operators.

Political leaders have traditionally sided with the powerful water users, a
source of substantial contributions.

To change this situation will take political courage -- and fortunately, that
may be at hand. The first major political attempt to reverse the greedy,
exploitive tradition that has dominated the West for the last century has
happened, and it has happened because of the disastrous state of the salmon.

Gov. Cecil Andrus of Idaho has announced that he will not allow the wild salmon
to die out. In an act of political courage, Andrus has brought suit against the
federal government, charging that the federal agencies responsible for the
salmon's welfare have allowed the water and power interests to kill the salmon
runs of the Columbia River.

Such suits generally have little chance of success, but this time Andrus, who
was Secretary of the Interior under Jimmy Carter, won.

Judge Malcolm Marsh of the U.S. District Court in Oregon found that the
government had indeed failed to manage the salmon runs in a way that would
ensure their survival.

He criticized the agencies responsible and sent them back to the drawing board
with orders to come up with a workable plan to share the water and save the
salmon runs.

The salmon may be the first to go, but we will also run out of water for humans.
At some point, we will be forced to make some difficult decisions about growth,
and the only honest political path is to begin making them now, before our
quality of life declines beyond recovery.

One step we can still easily take is to establish the stream flows necessary to
restore and maintain wild salmon runs.

On the other side of the equation for politicians, however, are the hefty
contributions of the big agricultural water users.

For example, agricultural interests contributed $ 500,000 to the senatorial
election campaign of John Seymour, the Republican defeated in 1992 by Dianne
Feinstein.

It's not just Republicans sidling up to the trough, either: Feinstein has begun
accepting contributions from the powerful water interests, and in doing so has
begun to advocate their positions.

Feinstein has shown herself to be smart and ethical. She is also a grandmother.
Perhaps she will find that the need to pass on a future to her grandchildren is
the most convincing argument of all.

The decline of the wild salmon runs is yet another indicator of the over-all
decline of the environment, and of the quality of our lives. It should serve as
a siren, warning humanity that, by ignoring the damage being done to the Earth,
we are denying a future to our grandchildren.

Huey Johnson was natural resources secretary in the administration of California
Gov. Jerry Brown.


LOAD-DATE: May 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEVE NEHL/ The Portland Oregonian/ THE DALLES DAM, COLUMBIA GORGE: In
a pioneering act of "political courage," the governor of Idaho has gone to court
to force the agencies responsible for salmon management to better control the
demands of the power and agriculture industries on the mighty river.

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            September 1, 2002 Sunday

EDITORIAL

BYLINE: Support youth, oppose youth initiative

LENGTH: 676 words


No one knows for sure if the Youth Initiative can stop the flow of young people
out of North Dakota. Those in favor of the initiative take it on faith. On the
other hand, the traditional economic development efforts of state government,
although it has had some successes, haven't proven able to reverse the trends of
out-migration and wages lower than the national average. People are hungry for
solutions.

That puts people trying to take a stand on the Youth Initiative in a quandary.
They don't want to be seen as opposed to keeping young people in the state, but
the hard numbers of cost and benefit do not provide a convincing argument for
the initiative. And the $70 million Youth Initiative price tag is a big bite.
Unless, of course, it works. But if the state took that $70 million and put it
into traditional economic development, that would represent a six-fold increase
in state Department of Commerce efforts. Would that create enough critical mass
to turn things around economically for North Dakota? Those in favor of the Youth
Initiative and those opposed would both ask voters to take a leap of faith.
North Dakota Budget Director Rod Backman, who has become the spokesman for those
opposed to the initiative, asks us to have faith in creating a good business
environment and in encouraging business and industry to expand, relocate and
create jobs. He points to the high cost of the Youth Initiative and expresses
disbelief in its ability to do the job. Not only will the initiative not work,
Backman says, it will hurt North Dakota workers by driving down wages. He says,
"Better to do nothing than something that doesn't work and costs $70 million."
And Backman equates that cost in dramatic terms to $4,000 per year per teacher
in the state or 88.4 percent of state support to nursing homes. Ouch. North
Dakota Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson, the lead voice in favor of the
initiative, says if the state can get the young people to remain here, it will
either create a labor pool to attract businesses or those young people will
create businesses themselves. Johnson says the cost of what the state has been
doing is "huge." He says instead of giving money to businesses to create jobs,
we should give money to people and let them create businesses. Johnson believes
the message the initiative sends the state's young people is extremely
important. Backman and Johnson are true believers -- each in their own view. The
Tribune has consistently taken issue with the intensity and focus of the state
Department of Commerce's economic development efforts, suggesting a need for a
strong strategic plan and more accountability. Not only do new jobs need to be
created, but wages must go up. The Department of Commerce, under Gov. John
Hoeven's edict, has been working to develop an effective strategic plan, and
there have been some successes, but there has been no radical change for the
better in the state's economy. And there are a lot of reasons for this,
including the ebbs and flows of the national economy, weather conditions for
farmers and ranchers and changes in global markets. The performance of the state
on economic development issues hasn't been what the state needs. North Dakotans
are hungry for solutions. But the Youth Initiative is not a solution that we can
support. While it might send a message to young people that we want them to
stay, it's wrong to tell them we'll pay to keep them here. Besides, the amount
of money the initiative offers isn't significant enough to dissuade most
students from leaving after graduation. Further, there's no hard linkage between
the initiative and the creation of new jobs and raising wages. As much as we
applaud the good intentions to do something positive about the state's economic
conditions for young people, we cannot make the leap of faith required by the
initiative. (Tribune Community Editorial Board members: Publisher Julie Bechtel,
Editor Dave Bundy, Managing Editor Ken Rogers, and reader members Carole
Barrett, Karla Cox, Gail H. Erickson and Bill Schlosser.)

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2002 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Farmers, Lenders Seek Steadier Aid in '02 Bill

                             July 3, 2001, Tuesday

BY BEN JACKSON



Congress is preparing to debate the 2002 farm bill, and farmers and their
bankers have spent weeks preparing their wish lists.

Topping both groups' agendas: more predictability in government assistance.

Both say they are grateful lawmakers have approved $30 billion of emergency aid
over the last four years to bail out cash-strapped farmers and ranchers feeling
the effects of near-record lows in crop prices. But they said they want more
consistent support and an end to the nail-biting that comes at the close of each
crop year as Congress decides whether or not to approve emergency aid.

Commodity-support programs "must ensure a reasonable level of cash flow and
producer income," Leland Swenson, president of the National Farmers Union, told
a Senate committee in June.

In their testimony before the House late last month, bankers asked for
essentially the same thing. They also seek more resources, they said, to fund
beginning farmers and programs to aid rural economic development.

House Agriculture Committee Chairman Larry Combest, R-Tex., has vowed to have a
bill out of committee by the August recess. The legislation would replace the
1996 Freedom to Farm Act, which expires at yearend.

The American Bankers Association conducted a listening tour of rural banks from
January to May, and used its findings as the basis for its recommendations on
the next farm bill. Bankers the trade group spoke with wanted assurance that the
money would be available at the end of the crop year for farmers in trouble,
said Terry Hague, chief executive officer of $78 million-asset Farmers Exchange
Bank in Cherokee, Okla.

Dale Leighty, president of $100 million-asset First National Bank of Las Animas
in Las Animas, Colo., said farmers need assured payments to counter a "triple
whammy" of low prices, high energy, and input costs, and "an unlevel playing
field in the international trade arena."

"I believe what everyone is trying to achieve is a greater degree of
predictability so that farmers and their lenders don't have to rely on annual,
ad-hoc disaster packages," said Mr. Leighty, who represented the Independent
Community Bankers of America in testimony before the House committee.

Mr. Hague also recommended that the Farm Service Agency's guaranteed loans
receive more funding and have specialized offices for loan servicing, and that
Congress repeal the 15-year limit on guaranteed loan eligibility.

Many bankers believe Congress could further help farmers by passing legislation
to create special accounts for ranchers that would help them save to get through
lean times. The accounts -- called Fisherman, Farmer and Rancher Risk Management
accounts -- would let producers defer taxes on 20% of their income for five
years to encourage to save during good times so they can get through bad years.
The current bill in the Senate, which was proposed by Sen. Charles Grassley,
R-Iowa, includes a five-year restriction, but the ICBA is lobbying for a bill
without a time limit.

Bankers also want more help in raising money to get new farmers into the
business. Banks can give credit to start-up farms under a program that allows
the loans to be made under the state's revenue bond authority. These loans are
issued as federally tax-exempt bonds, or "aggie bonds." The 15 states that issue
the bonds are limited in the amount of state revenue they can use toward them.
Bankers want aggie bonds removed from the federal revenue bond volume caps on
states.

"Aggie bonds compete with other state bonding priorities and frequently do not
receive top priority," Mr. Hague testified. "More credit could be made available
by banks to more beginning farmers if aggie bonds were exempted from state
bonding caps."

These two groups wanted more than just aid for agriculture. The bankers and
farmers also wanted Congress to help diversify rural America's economy. Mr.
Swenson said Congress should put more money into USDA rural development
programs, expand the Department of Agriculture's preferred-lender program, and
provide grants or loans for rural communities to invest in technology.

The bankers opposed any increase in loan fees on the Department of Agriculture's
Business and Industry guaranteed loans. They also argued that increasing deposit
insurance would help rural banks maintain core deposits. Concern for rural
America stems from a recognition that farmers need off-farm income, they said.

"More and more families appear to be relying on off-farm income to support the
farming enterprise," Mr. Leighty said. He cited Agriculture Department
statistics that show 90% of total household income on farms comes from off-farm
sources.

And both banking groups opposed any expansion of the Farm Credit System's
lending powers. They said the system no longer served family farms and had an
unfair competitive advantage as a government-sponsored enterprise.

Mr. Swenson told the Senate he had his doubts about national charters. There
might be short-term benefits in reduced interest rates and loan fees for
borrowers, he said, but in the long run, system consolidations could bring
"greater disparity in credit availability and borrowing costs among
different-sized farm operators."

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 885 words

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 American Banker, Inc.


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

U.S. offers more funds to farms to aid Lake Erie

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Aug. 14--Farmers in Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana will have access to another $5
million to help them pay for the cost of cover crops and other steps to try to
prevent chemical fertilizers from seeping into Western Lake Erie and generating
another algae crisis, the U.S. Department of Agriculture will officially
announce today.

The money will help farmers put in place practices that help stop the flow of
topsoil into the rivers and ultimately into Lake Erie.

Phosphorus mixed in that sediment is blamed for feeding the harmful algae that
compromised Toledo's water supply last year.

U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio) said it was based on his urging that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture found the additional funds.

In a letter last month to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Mr. Brown urged the
release of additional money from the Environmental Quality Incentive Program
when thousands of acres went unplanted this year because of excessive rain in
parts of the watershed.

"We need to stop runoff before it starts. EQIP ensures that farmers can take
actions to preserve water quality and prevent runoff that can cause harmful
algal blooms," Mr. Brown said.

Jason Weller, chief of the Natural Resources Conservation Service, told The
Blade on Thursday said the money had been earmarked in other areas of the
country but was not used and so could be transferred to improve water quality in
western Lake Erie.

He said that from 2009 to 2014, the agency paid farmers $57 million, to be
equally matched by farm owners, for conservation practices.

He said most contracts with farmers are for  $10,000 to $50,000.

Those practices include planting cover crops, adding gypsum to soil,
implementing conservation tillage or no-till systems on crop fields, installing
agricultural drainage water management systems, and implementing nutrient
management plans.

"Farmers have put in tens of millions of dollars out of their own pockets to put
in place practices that protect water quality," Mr. Weller said.

He said three Natural Resources Conservation Service "investments" since 2009
have reduced phosphorus loss from farms by 39 percent. That means a reduction in
eroded sediment of 488,000 tons a year. Mr. Weller said that's enough soil to
fill a train as long as the distance from Toledo to Sandusky.

Even though growing a winter crop only protects the soil for one season, Mr.
Weller said the hope is that farmers see the benefit in regulating water
infiltration in their soil and improving carbon content.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's news release says the cause of algae blooms
is complex, including water temperature, lack of agitation, rainfall and runoff
from farms and lawns, zebra mussels, and the impacts of climate change.

Contact Tom Troy: tomtroy@theblade.com or 419-724-6058 or on Twitter @TomFTroy.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150814-TO-U-S-offers-more-funds-to-farms-to-aid-Lake-Erie-0814-20150814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            January 24, 1993 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

$40MIL TO RESTOCK

BYLINE: DENIS GREGORY

SECTION: REAL AUSTRALIA; Pg. 94

LENGTH: 418 words


IT will cost sheep farmers in the western division of NSW about $40million to
restock, but many of them won't be able to raise the money.

A survey by NSW Agriculture shows that at least two million sheep will be needed
to bring numbers back to what they were before the drought when the gross value
of wool production was around $320 million .

Farmers this financial year can expect only $115 million for their wool or 36
per cent of what it was worth in the division two years ago.

NSW Agriculture sheep officers say the prospect this financial year appears
equally depressed.

To make matters worse, the survey showed many farmers will be unable to raise
the money needed to re-stock their properties with most of them already in debt
by up to $400,000.

But the rain has done wonders for the red soil country in the State's far west
and provided farmers can get their stock numbers back, they can expect to start
getting returns again in about 12-months.

Farmers in the Milparinka Rural Lands Protection District have been hit the
hardest losing about 66 per cent of their stock through the drought and
recession.

Farmers in the Balranald District fared the best with stock losses estimated at
around 18pc.

Figures for losses in the other western division Rural Lands Protection
districts were Cobar (54pc), Bourke (50pc), Wilcannia (49pc), Wanaaring(46pc),
Hillston (42pc), Broken Hill (40pc), Brewarrina (37pc), Wentworth(31pc) and
Walgett (21pc).

NSW Agriculture officer Geoff Wise of Dubbo said the survey taken in the middle
of last year, showed sheep numbers could have been as high as 12.2 million in
the Western Division two years ago.

The 1992 estimates put the number around seven million.

Mr Wise said cattle numbers in two years had fallen from 259,000 to 139,000.

He said the survey showed up to 3.7 million sheep had died or been destroyed in
the previous 18-months.

"The drought, lack of cash flow and high interest rates, made circumstances even
more difficult for farmers to borrow money to buy replacement stock," he said.

Milparinka Rural Lands Protection Board secretary, Kevin Smith, said a lot of
graziers in his district gambled last August after light rain had fallen and
bought some replacement sheep.

Now because of the good rain they were sitting pretty, he said.

"But a lot of blokes didn't get that earlier rain, and have hung off until now
when I think stock will be hard to get.

"Most graziers should be OK in 12 to 18 months, but some will have to wait
longer before they can expect any returns."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Illus: BACK O'BOURKE: Sheep survive on a trail of dry oats dropped
by truck 40km north-east of Bourke. LONG AND LUSH: Sheep roam through a
heavily-grassed paddock in the Central West following good rains.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1993 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             July 30, 2002, Tuesday

SA poised to reap benefits of free trade agreement

BYLINE: By Foreign Editor KYM WHEATLEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 404 words


FOREIGN investment would be substantially boosted in South Australia under any
free-trade agreement involving the US, Foreign Affairs Minister Alexander Downer
said yesterday.

He told The Advertiser,  before leaving for an ASEAN Regional Forum in Brunei,
that investment was an "unspoken" benefit of a proposed agreement and would
attract US investors to the state's "strength" industries.

His comments follow the endorsement by the US Congress at the weekend to return
President George W. Bush's power to negotiate global trade agreements.

The Bill still has to pass the US Senate.

But Mr Downer said investment opportunities were the biggest part of any
multilateral free-trade agreement, which would have flow-on effects at a
bilateral level.

"It will lead to substantial increases in flows of investment between Australia
and the US," he said.

"And I think it will offer enormous investment opportunities for SA, in
attracting American investment into this state. I reckon it would be great for
SA."

He singled out wine, aquaculture, manufacturing and agriculture for a potential
windfall, saying foreign investment would be lured by a competitively priced
labour force and an attractive exchange rate.

"It wouldn't be any easier to get the money into SA than it is now," he said.

"But if you manufacture something in SA with that investment, you can export it
back to the US completely free - without any tariffs or quotas.

"(So) psychologically it becomes a lot easier."

Australian farmers have remained sceptical, citing the US for dramatically
raising subsidies to its farmers this year to up to $400 billion over 10 years.

SA Farmers Federation president John Lush said: "If Big Brother (the US) wants
to deal for themselves and there's nothing in it for us - then 'no deal'.

"They want the abolition of our single-desk marketing boards, they seem to think
its trade-restrictive - but it's not."

However, the Federal Government has said it is heartened by the US including in
its trade moves a push for worldwide cuts to trade-distorting agricultural
subsidies and tariffs and increases in quotas.

The 15-nation European Union and Japan, which heavily subsidise their own
farmers, have already signalled strong opposition to the plan.

Meanwhile, Mr Downer said he would try to convince his ASEAN counterparts to
support a counter-terrorism pact in the talks in Brunei.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              June 5, 1995, Monday

WASHINGTON REPORT PORT AID TAINTS ALASKA OIL BILL

BYLINE: WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 925 words


Clinton administration officials are concerned that a provision of a Senate bill
lifting the 20-year ban on exporting Alaskan oil may violate international trade
rules. The provision, which was pushed by Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., and Sen.
Mark Hatfield, R-Ore., will provide federal money from the sale of Naval
Petroleum Reserve oil to a ship repair yard owned by the Port of Portland.

If Congress approves the Senate bill and Alaskan oil is exported, Portland's
port no longer will service tankers that currently carry Alaskan oil to the West
Coast. But providing the port with federal money from oil sales, says a U.S.
trade official, may violate anti-subsidy rules adopted by the United tates and
other nations under a recent international shipbuilding agreement.

The Alaska oil bill will be considered by the House sometime in June.

* * * * THE HOUSE DRAFT of the Amtrak Reform and Privatization Act includes some
goodies for Conrail, the Philadelphia-based freight railroad.

It would eliminate so-called "flow-back" provisions in existing law that give
several hundred senior employees who left Conrail for Amtrak in the early 1980s
the option of returning to Conrail. Since Amtrak now faces major layoffs, many
of these employees were considering returning to Conrail. The Amtrak bill would
close that door.

The reason for repealing the flow-back provisions, ostensibly, is to remove
legal restrictions on Amtrak, but the practical day-to-day effect would be to
insulate Conrail and its 24,000 employees from any side effects of forthcoming
layoffs at Amtrak.

The bill also repeals a provision in law that lets the secretary of
transportation choose three members of Conrail's board of directors. The
thinking here is the law has been made obsolete by the formerly government-
owned Conrail's success as a private corporation.

* * * * THE COAST GUARD'S proposal to eliminate the ship construction safety
regulations it applies to U.S.-flag lines but not to foreign competitors sounds
good, U.S. lines generally say. But privately some carriers who have been
pressing for a few years to close the costly gap are not overly optimistic.

"The real test on this is how quickly (the Coast Guard) puts its money where its
mouth is" and turns what is now a proposal into U.S. policy, said a
representative of one U.S. line.

Expectations have been raised before on this issue, only to be dashed, he said.

* * * * HERE'S ANOTHER SIGN Congress may eliminate more of the government
bureaucracy.

One of the Senate's staunchest supporters of the Maritime Administration and the
Federal Maritime Commission warned a National Maritime Day audience that life
expectancy for the two agencies isn't very long.

"It may not be this year, or next year," but some time soon the maritime
agencies will be consolidated with other administrative sections of government,
said Sen. Ted Stevens, R-Alaska.

He urged industry representatives to keep an open mind on where current Marad
and FMC functions should be conducted.

* * * * ANGER IS BUBBLING UP in the Senate Agriculture Committee over the
tactics of Dakota lawmakers.

This frustration is nothing new. For years, senators from the Dakotas have
stubbornly refused to yield the hard-won farm subsidies they have accumulated.

As the committee begins to shape the 1995 farm bill - a five-year spending
blueprint - Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., and Sen. Larry
Pressler, R-S.D., are clinging tight to subsidies through which the federal
government pays farmers to idle land for environmental reasons.

The principal goal of the program, under which some 36.5 million acres have been
set aside, is to prevent soil erosion. Given the fierce anti-deficit sentiment
on Capitol Hill, it is likely this $ 1.8 billion annual program will be scaled
back - probably to about 20 million acres and a cost of $ 1.2 billion.

The problem for these plain state senators is that Dakota land is not especially
susceptible to erosion. So the lawmakers are now pushing for inclusion in the
program on the grounds that the set-asides coincidentally have led to a
remarkable growth in the number of migratory birds that now inhabit Dakota
farmland.

One Senate aid likened this tenaciousness over conservation subsidies to efforts
by some lawmakers to keep unneeded local military bases.

"These guys are real deficit hawks, who say, 'But, by God, we need that
program,' " the aide said.

* * * * TRADERS WILL HAVE TO BRACE for another lapse in the Generalized System
of Preferences program, which lets thousands of products from about 150
developing countries and territories into the United States duty-free.

The program is due to expire Aug. 1, and Congress isn't close to renewing it. In
the only action so far the House Ways and Means trade subcommittee has cleared a
five-year extension of the program.

But the subcommittee did not take up a key question: how to finance the lost
customs revenue the program will generate over the five years, an estimated $
2.1 billion. That question is to be handled by the full Ways and Means
Committee, but the panel has not yet set a date for a vote.

Tom St. Maxens, president of St. Maxens & Co., a Washington-based international
trade consultancy, remains cautiously optimistic, however, that by fall Congress
will re-establish the program and do it retroactively. Meanwhile, importers of
the duty-free goods will have to fill out more customs forms to make sure they
qualify for the retroactive duty exemptions.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: WASHINGTON REPORT (6 items)

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                                February 6, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 283  words


FEDERAL Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce is sitting on a pot of $40 million
which should be deployed for emergency drought funding according to the man he
replaced, former agriculture minister Joel Fitzgibbon.

In December, Mr Joyce released a statement announcing the continuation of
Labor's Farm Finance package and committed to extend the funding to Tasmania.

In that statement he said "we also have a $40m reserve of funds ready in 2014-15
to allocate to areas of greatest need should conditions change".

Mr Joyce recently toured drought affected regions of NSW and Queensland, telling
farmers he would take their concerns to cabinet.

This week Mr Joyce announced he was preparing to bring forward drought measures.

Mr Fitzgibbon said Mr Joyce can release the Farm Finance money now.

"The additional money could flow quickly - and for many farm families every day
counts," he said.

"Barnaby Joyce continues to publicly call on his cabinet colleagues to act but
one simple act by him would make an additional $40m available immediately."

Under the Farm Finance concessional Loans Scheme, a concessional loan with an
interest rate of 4.5 per cent is available for debt restructuring or investment
in on-farm productivity enhancement.

A total of $420m is allocated to be divided between the states by 2015.

The loans run for a maximum period of five years, requiring interest-only
repayments.

At the end of the five-year concessional interest rate period, the loan funds
need to be repaid.

When asked about releasing the $40m immediately, a Department of Agriculture
spokesman responded: "The Australian government is committed to ensuring the
appropriate support for farmers is available when they need it."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday
                                  City Edition

UNL forecast: Farm income will fall 20%

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Low grain prices, high energy costs are blamed for dip from 2004's records.

Net farm income will be down 20 percent in Nebraska in 2005, according to a
forecast issued Friday from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

UNL Agricultural Economist Bruce Johnson blamed much of the expected dip from
record-setting territory in 2004 on low grain prices and high energy costs.

But Johnson said impressive grain yields and profitable livestock production
still are likely to make 2005 the second best net farm income year ever.
Johnson's projections also put the income outlook 30 percent above the 10-year
average.

"All things considered, we can kind of count our blessings," he said. "But it's
certainly not the gem of last year."

If realized, a 20 percent decline would leave net farm income for the state at
$2.75 billion.

A national forecast, issued earlier this week by economists at the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, laid out an overall decline of about 13.5 percent
from $82.5 billion to $71.5 billion.

Johnson conceded many farmers might have trouble believing his figures because
of the harvest-time convergence of weak corn prices and high prices for diesel
and the fertilizer that is typically applied after Nov. 1.

"You've got to factor in the livestock side of this," he said, "and that's
what's really keeping this thing up as high as it is. Not everybody is going to
the same dance here, and the livestock component of the agricultural production
sector is much stronger."

Even with "an absolutely disastrous grain price - that's really low input costs
for feeders and livestock producers. And as a result, they're in a pretty
favorable situation right now."

When market prices for grain drop, grain producers typically get more of their
income from government payments.

Johnson estimated direct government payments in 2005 in Nebraska at $960
million. That's up from $828 million last year and an even bigger spike in
relation to 2002, when checks from the government amounted to $539 million.

Johnson's numbers for government payments suggest that 35 percent of net farm
income will come from that source this year.

The federal Farm Service Agency is responsible for most direct payments to
farmers. At its state office in Lincoln, a program year that stretches from late
2004 into early 2006 is expected to end with slightly more than $1 billion
directed to Nebraska recipients.

Bob Jedlicka, chief of farm program loans at the Lincoln office, said that money
takes on more importance this fall.

"Cash flows are going to be very, very tight for all farmers," Jedlicka said.
"So it's good that we've got payments coming in to help assist them."

Tina Barrett, Lincoln-based director of Nebraska Farm Business  Inc., said
Johnson's forecast matches with the feedback she's getting from the
approximately 450 farmers who turn to her office for record-keeping and
financial analysis.

"We're hearing a lot of really good yields, some best-ever yields coming out of
the middle part of the state," Barrett said.

She also sees a continuing surge on the livestock front. "We saw that for sure
last year, because a lot of our top farms were hog and dairy operations."

One reason Nebraska net farm income is likely to be down more than the national
average, Barrett said, is irrigation cost. Other major corn-producing states,
including Iowa and Illinois, can count on rainfall for corn and soybean results.

"I think that's a huge cost for us that we will have to deal with this year,"
Barrett said.

Reach Art Hovey at (402) 523-4949 or at ahovey@alltel.net.

PAYMENTS TO FARMERS

Estimated direct government payments to Nebraska farmers:

2005: $960 million

2004: $828 million

2003: $726 million

2002: $539 million

2001:  $1.298 billion

10-year average for 1995-2004: $837 million

Source: Bruce Johnson, University of Nebraska-Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Training programme on Zero-Budget Natural Farming held

LENGTH: 354 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Feb. 13 -- Farmers-Welfare and Agriculture Development Minister
Gaurishankar Bisen has said that the state government has resolved to double the
income of farmers for which the costing of natural (adhyatmik) agriculture
farming should be reduced. He advised the farmers to adopt natural farming.
Bisen was addressing a three-day training programme based on Zero-Budget Natural
Farming in Bhopal on Saturday. Padmashri Subhash Palekar was also present on the
occasion.

Bisen said that industrial development was not possible without agriculture. The
materials needed by all industries initially are fulfilled by farming. Bisen
said that after the country's independence we have become self-reliant in the
field of agriculture. In the last one decade, several landmarks have been
achieved in the field of agriculture production in the state. The Minister said
that the production of wheat in the state in the year 2003 was 24 lakh metric
tonnes which increased to 170 lakh metric tonnes in the year 2016. The
production of wheat is expected to rise up to 200 lakh metric tonnes in 2017.In
his address MP Alok Sanjar said that we have made maximum use of chemical
fertilizers in our fields owing to excessive competition, the ill-effects of
which are now coming to the fore. He said that now is the right time to adopt
nature based farming.

In his address Padmashri Subhash Palekar said most of the problems related to
farming are global. He said that we can tackle climatic changes and persistent
migration from villages through nature based farming. He said that nature has
given us adequate resources with which we can fulfill our basic needs but we
will have to refrain from forced harvesting. He said that farming can be done on
nearly 30 acres land with one desi cow.

Padmashri Palekar said that money from the cities will flow to the village with
the idea of self-sufficiency based economy and will strengthen the rural
economy.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 19, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

NM water director presents proposal

BYLINE: By, Mary Alice Murphy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 985 words


SILVER CITY - New Mexico Central Arizona Project Entity Director Anthony
Gutierrez gave a report on the proposed action to develop Arizona Water
Settlements Act allocated water at the Grant County Commission work session on
Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016.

"This is about the proposed action the CAP Entity sent to the U.S. Bureau of
Reclamation to get the National Environmental Policy Act process started,"
Gutierrez said.

Alternative 4, which involves a diversion and aquifer storage and recharge (ASR)
in two phases, is the first part of the proposal.

"The ASR would require inundation of land to create wetlands," Gutierrez said.
"We would divert near the Gila Gage when the water is at high stages and put it
in the aquifer. The proposal is basically to slow down the water. We would save
the spring runoff for months when ag needs it most."

The diversion proposed would use a Coanda screen, which would basically be a
subsurface diversion. "We would have no real dam that would inhibit fish
passage, for example. The second part of the first phase would be to have
collection wells (called Ranney wells), which would provide additional
infiltration areas to store water for the Virden Valley, where agriculture is
even greater than in the Upper Gila Valley."

All the water in the Gila River right now, during irrigation season is in the
ditches, so the river runs dry. "Agriculture is taking its rightful water, but
we would use the collection wells to inject water directly into the ditches
leaving water in the river."

Also part of Alternative 4 would be development of the Winn Reservoir, which
would hold 3,500 to 4,000 acre-feet of water, about double the size of Bill
Evans Lake. The reservoir would primarily fill by gravity.

"We can expand up the canyon by excavation to get up to 10,000 acre-feet of
long-term storage," Gutierrez said.

"The diversion is the building block to any of the aspects of this proposed
action," Gutierrez said. "It doesn't create an impact to the ecology. We are
focusing on that."

Another part of the proposal includes Alternative 1, which has the same
diversion point at the Gila Gage. "It takes water to Spar Canyon by pipeline
conveyance. It would be partially gravity feed, but pumping would be required to
fill Spar Reservoir, which can hold about 45,000 acre-feet, about 15 times the
size of Bill Evans Lake. In this reservoir, we can store a lot for municipal
use."

In addition, the proposal includes 17 diversions on the San Francisco River,
where water could be captured at high flows into on-farm storage ponds during
high flood stage. The water would be primarily for agricultural use.

Gutierrez gave a brief overview of costs. "We wanted to pay for the first phase
with money we have on hand. The cost of $84 million includes $28 million in
indirect costs and a 50 percent contingency. This money will pay for the
building blocks of developing water in the Gila-San Francisco basins."

He said during the NEPA scoping phase, alternatives could be added or
subtracted.

"In Phase 2 the amount of water taken out of flows increases by 6,000 acre-feet,
because the infrastructure will already be there," Gutierrez said. "We can do
Phase 2 or 3 with the original Phase 1. They are designed to fit together."

He noted the phases might not be needed for 50 years. "We want to make sure we
have sustainable water for all four counties."

"We need a balance of surface water, groundwater and mining water, plus
conservation to meet needs," Gutierrez said.

In the overall scope, Gutierrez said a lot of conservation practices could be
done.

He noted that New Mexico has been letting a lot of water go to Arizona. "The CAP
Entity has been identified as not being financially responsible. But my
computations on the value of the water that has gone to Arizona over the past 50
years is at least $264 million."

Gutierrez also said that a senior water right in Arizona is set aside for New
Mexico, but cannot be accessed by the state because it's in San Carlos
Reservoir. "We're trying to negotiate in Arizona that value to use in New
Mexico. We are building the building blocks and attempting to get revenue to use
for other projects. If we can identify a revenue source in recharge and with
Arizona, we'll have revenue forever."

"We are entering into the preliminary NEPA and then the notice of intent,"
Gutierrez replied. "The deadline to be complete is December 2019. A lot more
engineering needs to be done. If you look along the river, there will not be a
dam on the river. We are trying to do the diversion with little impact.

"Some of the infiltration is on The Nature Conservancy land, which has an
agreement with the state of New Mexico," he continued. "We are trying to work
through the language, but building wetlands is not doing anything detrimental to
the ecology. Then there is some Forest Service land and some private land, as
well as more state of New Mexico land. A pipeline underground would have
temporary impact, but then none."

"The collector wells will deliver water to ag users, but would also keep water
in the river," Gutierrez said.

Phase 1 can be stand alone, if no more funding is available, Gutierrez said. "A
New Mexico State University study identifies potential crops that could increase
economic development up to $5.2 million annually. I think what we have proposed
is beneficial for agriculture, southwest New Mexico and for the economy.
Long-term, Spar could provide water for municipal use. It could be linked to
Bill Evans Lake to use infrastructure to the Mimbres Basin."

"Once it goes through NEPA and once the infrastructure is in place, the water
can be used for adjudicated water; Globe Decree water, which is now in the San
Carlos Reservoir, but is for Virden; and for AWSA water," Gutierrez said in
answer to a question.

"If we can deliver water for longer periods of time, there is a huge benefit,"
he continued. "That water can be used for any water use."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: scs


                      Copyright 2016 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Collie Mail

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

Collie River Water project

BYLINE: Shannon Wood

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 935 words


A $37 million plan to address the rising salinity issue in Wellington Dam was
announced by Premier Colin Barnett last week.

At the announcement last Thursday, Mr Barnett said the project will build on the
existing $5.7 million Myalup-Wellington Water for Food project, which is
investigating new water supply options for the South-West in order to expand the
Myalup Irrigated Agricultural Precinct and the Collie River Irrigation District.

Water Minister Mia Davies said the State Government funding would be used for
irrigation infrastructure including a redeveloped Burekup Weir and a new pipe
network.

"The Collie Water solution, an initiative by Harvey Water and Aqua Ferre, was
selected following an expression of interest process conducted in late 2015,"
she said.

"The proposal involves the diversion of saline water from the Collie River east
branch into a mine void; the treatment of that water in a new desalination plant
near Collie; a new weir at Burekup and a gravity-fed pipeline system to replace
open irrigation channels in the Collie irrigation district."

Regional Development Minister Terry Redman said in a drying climate, the State
was acting to ensure this important water resource was a strong driver of the
State's economy for decades to come.

"The project is expected to deliver billions of dollars' worth of extra
agricultural, horticultural and forestry revenue over 50 years and create jobs,"
he said.

"Through this $37 million investment, Royalties for Regions is setting the
foundation for the sustainable development of agriculture that will bring great
benefits to regional communities."

Member for O'Connor Rick Wilson MP will support the State Government in its
efforts to secure Federal funding for the completion of the Myalup-Wellington
Water for Food Project in Collie.

Mr Wilson said he would advocate for the project on behalf of Collie and the
surrounding areas, with Federal funding most likely to be sought through the
National Water Infrastructure Development Fund.

"This is a very competitive programme - the Federal Government has held
discussions with State and Territory Governments in relation to about 60
proposals seeking funding for feasibility studies," he said.

"However, the WA Government has been extremely proactive in advancing its plans
for this project and I'm optimistic we can present a good case to the Minister
for Agriculture and Water Resources.

"There is huge potential for growth in the agriculture and horticulture
industries, not only in Collie, but nearby areas from West Arthur to Narrogin."

Collie-Preston MLA Mick Murray said the decade-plus delay on the long-term
project was another example of the Liberal-National Government's failure to plan
for WA's future.

"The Gallop Government's project would have had potable water flowing by 2015 -
but with the Barnett government asleep at the wheel now we'll be lucky if we see
a result by 2030," he said.

"The South West is desperate for jobs. Economic diversification of the
industry-dominated Collie-Preston region is critical for job creation into the
future.

"If they had of got on with it in 2008, the South West would already be
benefitting from new, innovative agricultural opportunities and the jobs that
follow."

Collie Water, led by Peter Fogarty's Pendulum Group and its water infrastructure
company Aqua Ferre spent five years developing a plan to address the salinity
issues in the Wellington Dam.

Mr Fogarty said the project to build a desalination plant will be an
economically viable solution to the rising salinity levels in the dam.

"Most of them were rejected because they just didn't stack up on an economic
viability basis," he said.

"Any plant that is a treatment plant or desalination plant is expensive to build
and expensive to run - so if we then let that water go down the river and sell
it to farmers who want to pay nothing much for the water then the economic model
doesn't work."

Mr Fogarty said the construction and running of the desalination plant would
create jobs for the local workforce. "It really has got lots of long term
benefits for the whole town and everyone in it," he said.

"When the public hear that we are taking all this water out of the river they
think that we are killing the river- we are not taking all the water, there will
be very strict conditions with our license that require us to maintain river
flow and the better quality water going down the river.

"In addition we have agreed that we will work with the Collie Shire and with the
Weeds and Waterways committee to come up with smarter ideas and things we can do
to improve the river flow and the water flow and the catchment of water in the
river, and that's fundamental - Collie needs to have its river and quality
water."

Mr Fogarty said several applications have been made over the past 10-20 years to
the Federal Government and others to provide funding to try and fix up
Wellington Dam.

Local resident Bill Sloan said he agreed that something needed to be done about
high salinity levels, but was concerned about the salt leeching back into the
environment from where the water would be stored in a mining void.

"I have environmental concerns, they are taking about taking a bag of salt out
of the weir every winter and storing it in a mining void, and unless you seal
the void the water is going to leech into the ground water- that's my concern,"
he said.

"If they are going to store water in a mining void they need to treat it before
they put it in there. Any idea to help the river is a good idea, but if you are
going to spend a lot of money on it, you are better off doing it the right way
first."

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           December 29, 2009, Tuesday

Manchin orders cuts to budgets;
Governor tells state agencies that cutting back now will prevent;
bigger problems later

BYLINE: RIVARD, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 694 words


Gov. Joe Manchin has told state agencies to cut $120 million from their current
budgets so West Virginia can avoid ending the budget year in the red.

Manchin signed an executive order Monday asking for state agencies to trim 3.4
percent from their general revenue budgets for the July 2009 - June 2010 budget
year. He called the mid-year cuts, the first since he became governor,
"pre-emptive actions to prevent more drastic measures later."

Manchin expects a list of cuts by Jan. 20 from all executive agencies and the
offices of other state elected officials, including the secretary of state,
treasurer and agriculture commissioner. The state court system and the
Legislature also have agreed to reduce their spending, though it's not clear by
how much.

Despite the announcement, officials say West Virginia is still in better fiscal
shape than other states.

The mid-year cuts, for instance, are not expected to result in layoffs or
furloughs, which already have affected thousands of public employees in other
states.

Manchin spokesman Matt Turner said the state continues to pay its bills and has
good cash flow.

But Manchin's cuts indicate a deteriorating budget picture. The state is on
track to collect about $120 million less in taxes and other revenue than was
initially expected. Those initial expectations were pessimistic to begin with.

Some argue this is the worst time for the state to be cutting back as more state
residents seek government help.

The governor's office has said it plans to maintain essential services and its
course is prudent.

The current general revenue budget is about $3.8 billion. That is about $110
million, or 2.9 percent, lower than last year's. Combined with the cuts
announced this week, the state likely will end up spending 6.3 percent less in
this budget year than in the last, which ended in June 2009.

Most state agencies typically are allowed to spend only 42 percent of their
annual budgets in the first two quarters of the budget year, a limitation that
is meant to allow for unexpected mid-year and end-of-year course corrections
such as the one just announced.

But because the mid-year cuts announced Monday come six months into the current
budget year, state agencies that have spent half their annual budget will
essentially be making 6.8 percent cuts for the remaining six months.

Public schools and higher education will be spared much of the pain of the cuts
because the state will use money from the federal stimulus package to "backfill"
cuts to education, said Tammy Scruggs, the assistant state budget director.

The state school aid formula, which funds most teacher and school personnel
salaries, is $1.7 billion a year, or about half the state's budget. Its 3.4
percent cut, $58 million, will be on paper only - that $58 million will
immediately be replaced by federal money meant to prop up education budgets.

There is a similar backfill for higher education spending.

Because the state constitution generally protects education spending, such use
of federal money will prevent other agencies from facing more drastic cuts.

Without the stimulus money to replace cuts in the school aid formula, the
mid-year cuts for every agency likely would be double, Scruggs said.

Leading up to Monday's announcement, Manchin had been discouraging unnecessary
hiring, encouraging efficiencies and asking almost every state agency to take 5
percent budget cuts in the next budget year, which begins in July.

Officials said the 5 percent cut is not expected to be on top of the mid-year
cuts announced this week but only to take into account the current year's
starting budget.

However, if those plans change and the 5 percent cut comes on top of the
mid-year cuts announced this week, the total cuts from 2009 to 2011 would amount
to an 11 percent budget reduction.

But West Virginia is, so far, also one of the few states with money to fall back
on. Officials have said they expect in the next several years to tap into a $500
million rainy day fund.

The last mid-year budget cut was in 2004, when most state agencies were asked to
cut their budgets by 2.9 percent.

Contact writer Ry Rivard at ry. rivard@dailymail.com or 304-348-1796.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 11, 1989 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

CAUGHT IN A PAPER CHASE

BYLINE: PETER ROBINSON * P.P.McGuinness is on leave.

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 1251 words


ONE of the little-recognised but inescapable administrative problems of
government is achieving a decent balance between the collection of information
about the economy at large and the outward flow of decisions based on that
information.

Government departments do not, in general, collect information surreptitiously.

They derive the raw material of decision-making from a variety of public
sources, including the comprehensive questionnaires put out by the Australian
Bureau of Statistics, the sectoral collection of data by various industry
advisory bodies, the input of specialist analytical organisations such as the
Bureau of Agriculture and Resource Economics or the Bureau of Industry
Economics, and a continuous round of public hearings for one-off inquiries such
as those held by the Industries Assistanc

e Commission.

Sometimes a link between policy decisions or even new legislation and a
particular source of information is quite obvious - for example, the
deregulation of the financial sector which followed the Campbell inquiry. At
other times, the actual usefulness or otherwise of a great deal of information
collected on behalf of Government must be open to doubt.

I suspect that the apathy of business towards the new round of broad-ranging
inquiries now being carried out by the IAC (and reported in yesterday's
Financial Review) is derived in large part from a refusal to accept that yet
more inquiries are needed into structural questions that are already serviced by
a remarkably heavy (and expensive) flow of information.

Few people outside government information-gathering organs, the world of
lobbyist and industry associations, and the corporate accounting sections
actually responsible for responding to official requests for information,
appreciate the sheer volume and detail of data demanded annually of employers,
manufacturers, farmers and even the self-employed for various Government surveys
or data bases.

It is a significant cost for most businesses, despite the fact that much of the
material is duplicated and some of it is actually desirable for the better
understanding of the business itself.

The detail of accounting information, particularly relating to unit costs of
manufacture, that was required from witnesses at IAC inquiries during my years
there was extremely rigorous. For big businesses, it was mostly a case of
putting a clerk in the accounts department on to retrieving existing data, but
for smaller businesses I recall many cases where the proprietors or top
executive staff sweated for weeks trying to fill out what were seen as baffling
forms.

The fact that some companies (by no means all of them small) discovered as a
result of this process that they were actually losing money on every unit they
manufactured did not detract from a general feeling of exasperation about the
relentless demands of Government.

The rural sector was even worse, because farmers already seemed to spend most of
their evenings filling out various survey forms from Federal and State
agriculture departments, and when they were done with that they always had their
income tax forms, or their returns to the local noxious weeds authority to fill
in.

The fact is that the Government does not manage its incoming information flows
very well.

Partly this is due to confidentiality requirements (the consumer cannot have it
both ways - demanding security for personal information but desiring a more
efficient pooling of data to avoid duplication), but partly it is due simply to
the general

compartmentalisation of the bureaucracy or to minor bureaucratic variations.

Given that located in Canberra are a substantial number of analytical bodies
which are of world standard and which have access to every conceivable bit of
information about the operations of the Australian economy, it is simply
wasteful and potentially confusing for every new inquiry by whatever body to
start from scratch in collecting its own information.

When the IAC was taken from the Department of Industry, Technology and Commerce
and placed under the aegis of Treasury, the assumption was that it would add
breadth to the powerful but essentially rather narrowly focused Treasury view of
the real economy.

But the move into the increasingly important services sector generated its own
problems.

As the 1987-88 IAC Annual Report said: "The commission's inquiry programme(for
1988-89) will generate information relevant to the Government's structural
reform agenda. Much of the focus is on services sector activity and the
provision of goods and services by governments. This poses special problems in
terms of measurement."

In its traditional areas of inquiry, which mainly revolved around the traded
goods industries, the IAC had built up a body of criteria which used disparities
in assistance as an indicator of efficiency in resource use. When the IAC talked
about "efficiency", it was not referring to the modernity of machinery or the
output of a plant but rather to the relative efficiency with which the resources
involved in that particular activity were being used.

If profitability depended on assistance from the taxpayer or consumer, then by
definition the activity was less efficient.

But, as the IAC report observes, "measurement is much more difficult in the
services sector. The relationship between efficiency and assistance may be less
robust; the information base more limited; and there is also the problem of the
benchmark against which to measure assistance. For some traded services, world
prices are available, but measurement problems are still profound."

Given the plethora of government demands for information, the numerous inquiries
that have been held over the past decade or so, and the IAC's own expressed
doubts about the difficulties of measuring assistance in the services sector, it
is not really surprising that the inquiry into trade-in-services has been
greeted - as the Financial Review headline put it -with "a big yawn".

The desire of the IAC to maintain the coherence and integrity of a body of
analysis and measurement built up over 15 years and to continue to apply it to
every sector of the economy is understandable. But there must be some questions
about whether the operational style of the IAC is suitable for the new kind of
broadly based inquiry the Treasurer seems to envisage for it.

By the same token, there may be legitimate doubts about whether there is need
for yet more inquiries into issues that have been raked over time and time again
and concerning which a mass of information is available.

It does not really help any minister or any bureaucratic body to be confronted
with the distillation of a mass of self-interested special pleading(wrongly
dignified with the term "evidence") as the basis on which to make rational
economic decisions. For 90 per cent of the economic problems facing Australia
today, all the data necessary for thorough analysis are available through
existing sources. No new questionnaires are needed.

What is needed is the common quality of good newspaper reporters and good
academic researchers alike - the ability to dig out the reality, analyse it
sceptically and come to a rational, valid conclusion.

Whether there is any public service structure that can retain such skills for
any length of time must be open to doubt: the whole thrust of a large
bureaucracy is to protect mediocrity.

But the data are certainly there and the short-term appointment of suitable
analysts should not be beyond the capabilities of determined ministers.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1989 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             June 15, 1998, Monday

WEB SNAGS CAMPAIGN DONATIONS

BYLINE: CARL HULSE & SEAN LOUGHLIN Ledger Washington Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 741 words


WASHINGTON

Facing a tough re-election, North Carolina Sen. Lauch Faircloth calls on bankers
in the Big Apple to raise some campaign cash. In Florida, Democratic Sen. Bob
Graham gets almost one-quarter of his campaign money from political-action
committees while his Republican opponent has to rely more on the donations of
individuals.

Such details could always be culled from campaign records filed with the Federal
Election Commission by those with expertise.

Now a nonpartisan watchdog group has set up a Web site that summarizes the data
in a user-friendly format, making it easier to track the ceaseless flow of money
in politics.

"This is an attempt to use a new medium to take a new look at elections," said
Larry Makinson, director of the Center for Responsive Politics, based in
Washington. "This is stuff you won't hear from the candidates, but it's very
revealing."

Internet users can see whether candidates for Congress get most of their money
in state or out of state. And voters can determine what businesses and interest
groups provide the most cash to candidates.

The center's online analysis underscores two points: the enormous advantage
incumbents enjoy in attracting campaign funds and the pivotal role committee
assignments play in determining where lawmakers get much of their money.

Take Faircloth. While he collects a lot of money from major cities in North
Carolina, New York bankers and financial gurus have donated roughly $ 97,000 to
his campaign. Faircloth sits on the Senate Banking Committee.

Graham's campaign reports mirror a national pattern in politics. Political-

action committees overwhelmingly favor incumbents with their donations. Roughly
23 percent of Graham's campaign donations came from PACs, while Republican
challenger Charlie Crist only received 7 percent of his donations from such
groups.

The address for the center's Web site is www.crp.org.

ORGAN BATTLE

A majority of Florida's House delegation is backing state transplant centers in
their battle against a Clinton administration proposal that would change the
distribution of organs made available for transplant.

Twelve state lawmakers signed a letter circulated by Rep. Karen Thurman that
contends the administration plan to share organs nationally rather than locally
is well-intentioned but misguided.

"It is not the role of government to play with the lives of those desperately
awaiting transplants," said Thurman, a Dunnellon Democrat whose husband was the
recipient of a kidney transplant.

Shands Teaching Hospital at the University of Florida has been heavily involved
in fighting the administration change, which could put the hospital at a
disadvantage.

Among Florida signers of the letter, which had more than 80 signatories total,
were Republicans Charles Canady of Lakeland and Dave Weldon of Palm Bay.

NO ALTERNATIVE

In their push to repeal a looming ban on a pesticide critical to Southern
agriculture, lawmakers are sounding the alarm that methyl bromide is scheduled
to be taken off the market in fewer than 30 months and farmers still don't have
an alternative.

"This situation has put Florida agriculture in an untenable position," said Sen.
Bob Graham, D-Fla., in testimony submitted to the House Agriculture Committee.

He said the U.S. Department of Agriculture does not appear to be doing the
intensive field testing of alternatives needed to get them ready for the Jan. 1,
2001, ban of methyl bromide, which is used on vegetables, fruits and a variety
of other speciality crops.

Environmentalists who want to halt production of the ozone-depleting chemical
say lawmakers are simply refusing to recognize the organic substitutes some
farmers are now using successfully.

FISH STORIES

The battle is heating up over a controversial new federal regulation intended to
cut the incidental catch of juvenile red snapper by shrimpers in the Gulf of
Mexico.

Officials of the National Marine Fisheries Service say some shrimpers are trying
to circumvent the new rule by using an unauthorized variation of the so-called
bycatch reduction device.

Representatives of more than 15 conservation organizations wrote Congress last
Monday, urging lawmakers to block any attempt to repeal the rule. The new
equipment provides "a simple, effective and inexpensive means" of cutting
bycatch, said the letter.

Bilge water, say the shrimpers. They claim the devices don't work.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1998 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 5, 2006 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Sugar-coating not on agenda

BYLINE: John Breusch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 465 words


Federal Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran has launched an extraordinary attack
on sugar farmers for their insistence that the government pay out more of the
$444 million it set aside to bail out the industry.

The Howard government hopes to save as much as $140 million from the rescue
package, announced in April 2004, because growers have since benefited from a
dramatic rise in sugar prices.

But peak body Canegrowers wants unspent funds to be redirected to other programs
to support the industry as it moves to improve its global competitiveness.

Mr McGauran slammed the proposal, saying it was absurd to suggest that unpaid
money should be saved for the industry.

"I want the sugar industry to shed the image of self-serving mendicants and
political bovver boys and take its place as one of the great agricultural
industries in Australia," he told The Australian Financial Review.

"Claims that unspent money in a demand-driven program should still flow to the
industry do nothing but reinforce the image of the sugar industry as welfare
orientated."

Canegrowers general manager Ian Ballantyne said that while the industry had been
pushing for some of the unspent money to be spent on further initiatives to
reform the industry, he was now resigned to the fact that the government was
opposed to the idea.

Mr Ballantyne said an estimated 1000 farmers had left the industry since the
assistance package was announced and further efforts were needed to ensure its
competitiveness once sugar prices eased.

"Slowly but surely there has been a significant number of departees from the
industry and there is a better commercial awareness throughout," Mr McGauran
said, in acknowledging industry progress.

Mr Ballantyne said the industry continued to discuss a range of matters with the
federal government, including a possible renegotiation of the free-trade
agreement (FTA) with the United States, which failed to provide Australian sugar
farmers with greater access to the world's most lucrative market.

Mr Ballantyne said he was particularly interested to see that the government now
wanted to scrap an amendment to the FTA - secured by former Labor leader Mark
Latham - that aimed to stop pharmaceutical companies from blocking rivals from
making cheaper generic medicines.

"If pharmaceuticals can be looked at we would also suggest that there are also a
number of outstanding issues that weren't resolved satisfactorily from our
perspective," he said.

Sugar prices have rallied strongly during the past year, with soaring oil prices
leading the huge Brazilian industry to direct more of its sugar away from world
markets and into domestic ethanol production.

KEY POINTS

· The government hopes to save $140 million from the support offer.

· Farmers want to secure easier access to the lucrative US market.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The federal government isn't interested in further sweetening
the sugar industry. Photo: ROBERT ROUGH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Economy to maintain growth pace in 2017: BB

LENGTH: 394  words


With all major economic indicators performing strong in the outgoing year 2016,
the economy is showing prospect of maintaining the steady growth pace in 2017,
according to Bangladesh Bank (BB), reports BSS. 'All economic indicators
including inflation, foreign exchange reserve, exchange rate and credit flow in
private sector are in broadly in line with the targets for 2016-17 financial
year (FY17)', said Bangladesh Bank (BB) economic adviser Dr M Akhtaruzzaman. He
said all the indicators are showing that the economy would maintain the steady
growth path in the coming year. According to the central bank, the point to
point inflation was 5.38 percent in November, which was close to the target of
5.8 percent for 2016-17 FY17.

The reserve also hit a record of $32 billion in 2016, which was enough for
meeting the country's six months' import cost. The local currency was stable
against the green buck as the average exchange rate of US dollar was Taka 78.83
on December 21, 2016 against Taka 78.66 in December 2015. The private credit
growth, a major pulse of economic activities, also grew by 15.34 percent in the
first quarter of FY 17, close to the fiscal target of 16.5 percent. 'We are very
much hopeful to achieve the 16.5 percent credit growth at the end of the FY17 as
the investment is increasing,' the economist said. Akhtaruzzaman, also executive
director of BB, said the lending rate is now about 10.0 percent which is the
lowest in the recent times.

Terming the 2016 as a stable year for financial sector, BB's chief spokesperson
Subhankar Saha said inflation rate, record foreign exchange reserves and export
earnings were in comfortable position. Saha said BB has already achieved 43.0
percent of its targeted agriculture loan distribution as the banks has already
distributed Taka 7,551 crore out of Taka 17,550 crore in first five month in the
fiscal.

The money flow in all sectors including Small and Medium-size Enterprises
(SMEs), industries and agriculture and non-farm rural sector has increased
significantly.' he added. In 2016, he said, banks distributed Taka 1 lakh 1
thousand crore SME loan, which helped farmers grow more crop and create more
jobs in the agriculture sector. He said the central bank is now working on agent
banking and green banking to make the economy further vibrant to help the
country achieve middle income status.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              July 23, 2006 Sunday

EDITORIAL: The drought that rained subsidies

BYLINE: Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 694 words


Jul. 23--In February 2003, cattle rancher Nico de Boer in Texas watched the
space shuttle Columbia break up in the sky above his ranch. Weeks later, he was
surprised to learn that, because of that disaster, he was one of hundreds of
Texas ranchers entitled to up to $40,000 in federal disaster compensation funds,
even though the nearest debris landed 10 to 20 miles from his cattle.

He took the money. Would you?

Welcome to the Livestock Compensation Program, a program cobbled together
hurriedly in 2002 for political reasons (to help elect Republican Sen. John
Thune in South Dakota) that managed to funnel $1.2 billion of the taxpayers'
money to ranchers, most of whom suffered no damage or loss and many of whom
tried at first to return the checks, during its two years of existence.

The Washington Post, doing what you would hope a free press would do often --
letting taxpayers know how the government is wasting their money -- but which
happens all too infrequently, has done a fascinating investigative story on this
obscure boondoggle.

The program was originally designed to provide a limited helping hand to dairy
farmers and ranchers hurt by drought in 2002. But it grew like kudzu.

For starters, ranchers were not required to show actual damage from the drought.
The government simply sent them a check based on the number of head of cattle
they ran. Then, ranchers in counties that had not been declared drought
"disaster areas" complained to their congressmen, and that fussy requirement was
dropped. Anything weather-related would do.

The floodgates opened.

The only thing needed, before sending checks to people who owned hundreds or
thousands of acres and thousands of head of cattle, was some evidence of
weather-related problems. So, the Post wrote, "USDA (U.S. Department of
Agriculture) administrators prodded employees in the agency's county offices to
find qualifying disasters, even if they were two years old or had nothing to do
with ranching or farming.

"In one county in northern Texas, ranchers collected $1 million for an ice storm
that took place a year and a half before the livestock program was even created.
In Washington state, ranchers in one county received $1.6 million for an
earthquake that caused them no damage. In Wisconsin, a winter snowstorm
triggered millions of dollars more. For hundreds of ranchers from East Texas to
the Louisiana border, the shuttle explosion opened the door to about $5 million,
records show."

Blake English, USDA administrator in Denton County, Texas, wrote in the minutes
of a December 2002 farm advisory meeting that county ranchers hadn't been hurt
by any drought in 2002. "Still, in 2003, English said, he got word from his
state bosses to go back and look again for a disaster -- any disaster -- under
which local ranchers would qualify." There was no drought -- in fact, it was a
wet year -- so they prepared a report on a fairly severe rainstorm more than a
year earlier.

In Wisconsin, after a snowstorm two years earlier, the top state USDA official
sent letters imploring dairy farmers to fill out a simple form so they could get
in on the bounty. It was an offer they didn't refuse -- to the tune of $39
million.

To be sure, the program was ended after 2003. And, while we don't expect
anything so sensible as eliminating the Department of Agriculture and all
agriculture subsidies, maybe Congress could craft the next giveaway program so
as not to be quite so blatantly wasteful.

Perhaps they could even support the efforts of Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., who
last week held hearings on Senate Bill 2590, which would create a database of
government spending and contracts that would make it easy to look up how much
federal money flows to particular companies or nonprofits.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060723-HR-0723-EDIT-FARM-SUBSIDIES-20060723

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2006 Valley Morning Star


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Glen Innes Examiner

                                February 9, 2015

Are goats the answer to hard times on the land?

BYLINE: TIM BYRNES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 475  words


The Australian bush goat has saved a lot of farmers across the state from
hitting the wall during the recent drought conditions, Glen Innes's Ausgoat
Director, Philip Lynn said.

Ausgoat, based in Glen Innes, was set up by Mr Lynn to meet the emerging Asian
taste for Australian feral goat meat.

That was back in 2008; with Ausgoat now able to say it is responsible for the
processing of around 150,000 goats a year, with about 50 per cent of that being
exported to United States, based on 2013 data.

When Mr Lynn first began exporting goats to Singapore in 1994, he said he was
receiving around 5 dollars a head,  but now he says he is fetching between 50-
70 dollars a head.

'The company has a wide network of high quality goat producers in NSW and
Queensland,' Mr Lynn said.

According to Mr Lynn, the focus of his industry is on supplying goat meat for
the Australian domestic market.

'But we are also supplying the Australian based meat exporters with our goats,
which are sourced from across the state, including the drought stricken regions
of Western NSW,' he said.

Mr Lynn said the goat has saved many producers from going to the wall and having
to leave the land due to having no cash flow.

'The goat has been a hidden resource for many producers out west because it has
been able to provide them with a cash flow, as they were making no money from
cattle or sheep,' he said.

The benefits of the goat include its reproduction ability and it does not need
capital investment for practices such as drenching and flystrike protection.

'The goat has settled in like other introduced species. It came out with the
first fleet and has prospered in the Australian conditions,' Mr Lynn said.

With the Federal Government in negotiations to bring about a Free Trade
Agreement (FTA) with India, Mr Lynn is encouraging the government to get this up
and running as soon as possible.

'Also, the pending  FTA agreement with China, when it is finally in full swing,
will be a good thing for the goat industry as we want to exploit the Chinese
market,' Mr Lynn said.

Currently, Ausgoat is supplying butchers in Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra and
other metropolitan areas who have large ethnic communities.

'The goat is a long cooking meat which makes it fantastic for casseroles and
curries, it is also low in cholesterol and is a lean meat,' Mr Lynn said.

Mr Lynn went on to say he exports to the US but would like to see the American
Department of Agriculture (USDA) be more co-operative. Despite being called the
feral goat, the NSW Department of Primary Industries (DPI) does not class the
animal as a noxious pest, which means that farmers are not required by
legislation to manage the animal's numbers.

If Mr Lynn's predictions are true then the humble feral goat is a cash resource
that is waiting to be exploited by drought stricken farmers looking for a
regular cash flow.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Glen Innes Examiner

                                February 9, 2015

Are goats the answer to hard times on the land?

BYLINE: TIM BYRNES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 475  words


The Australian bush goat has saved a lot of farmers across the state from
hitting the wall during the recent drought conditions, Glen Innes's Ausgoat
Director, Philip Lynn said.

Ausgoat, based in Glen Innes, was set up by Mr Lynn to meet the emerging Asian
taste for Australian feral goat meat.

That was back in 2008; with Ausgoat now able to say it is responsible for the
processing of around 150,000 goats a year, with about 50 per cent of that being
exported to United States, based on 2013 data.

When Mr Lynn first began exporting goats to Singapore in 1994, he said he was
receiving around 5 dollars a head,  but now he says he is fetching between 50-
70 dollars a head.

'The company has a wide network of high quality goat producers in NSW and
Queensland,' Mr Lynn said.

According to Mr Lynn, the focus of his industry is on supplying goat meat for
the Australian domestic market.

'But we are also supplying the Australian based meat exporters with our goats,
which are sourced from across the state, including the drought stricken regions
of Western NSW,' he said.

Mr Lynn said the goat has saved many producers from going to the wall and having
to leave the land due to having no cash flow.

'The goat has been a hidden resource for many producers out west because it has
been able to provide them with a cash flow, as they were making no money from
cattle or sheep,' he said.

The benefits of the goat include its reproduction ability and it does not need
capital investment for practices such as drenching and flystrike protection.

'The goat has settled in like other introduced species. It came out with the
first fleet and has prospered in the Australian conditions,' Mr Lynn said.

With the Federal Government in negotiations to bring about a Free Trade
Agreement (FTA) with India, Mr Lynn is encouraging the government to get this up
and running as soon as possible.

'Also, the pending  FTA agreement with China, when it is finally in full swing,
will be a good thing for the goat industry as we want to exploit the Chinese
market,' Mr Lynn said.

Currently, Ausgoat is supplying butchers in Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra and
other metropolitan areas who have large ethnic communities.

'The goat is a long cooking meat which makes it fantastic for casseroles and
curries, it is also low in cholesterol and is a lean meat,' Mr Lynn said.

Mr Lynn went on to say he exports to the US but would like to see the American
Department of Agriculture (USDA) be more co-operative. Despite being called the
feral goat, the NSW Department of Primary Industries (DPI) does not class the
animal as a noxious pest, which means that farmers are not required by
legislation to manage the animal's numbers.

If Mr Lynn's predictions are true then the humble feral goat is a cash resource
that is waiting to be exploited by drought stricken farmers looking for a
regular cash flow.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Glen Innes Examiner

                                February 9, 2015

Are goats the answer to hard times on the land?

BYLINE: TIM BYRNES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 475  words


The Australian bush goat has saved a lot of farmers across the state from
hitting the wall during the recent drought conditions, Glen Innes's Ausgoat
Director, Philip Lynn said.

Ausgoat, based in Glen Innes, was set up by Mr Lynn to meet the emerging Asian
taste for Australian feral goat meat.

That was back in 2008; with Ausgoat now able to say it is responsible for the
processing of around 150,000 goats a year, with about 50 per cent of that being
exported to United States, based on 2013 data.

When Mr Lynn first began exporting goats to Singapore in 1994, he said he was
receiving around 5 dollars a head,  but now he says he is fetching between 50-
70 dollars a head.

'The company has a wide network of high quality goat producers in NSW and
Queensland,' Mr Lynn said.

According to Mr Lynn, the focus of his industry is on supplying goat meat for
the Australian domestic market.

'But we are also supplying the Australian based meat exporters with our goats,
which are sourced from across the state, including the drought stricken regions
of Western NSW,' he said.

Mr Lynn said the goat has saved many producers from going to the wall and having
to leave the land due to having no cash flow.

'The goat has been a hidden resource for many producers out west because it has
been able to provide them with a cash flow, as they were making no money from
cattle or sheep,' he said.

The benefits of the goat include its reproduction ability and it does not need
capital investment for practices such as drenching and flystrike protection.

'The goat has settled in like other introduced species. It came out with the
first fleet and has prospered in the Australian conditions,' Mr Lynn said.

With the Federal Government in negotiations to bring about a Free Trade
Agreement (FTA) with India, Mr Lynn is encouraging the government to get this up
and running as soon as possible.

'Also, the pending  FTA agreement with China, when it is finally in full swing,
will be a good thing for the goat industry as we want to exploit the Chinese
market,' Mr Lynn said.

Currently, Ausgoat is supplying butchers in Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra and
other metropolitan areas who have large ethnic communities.

'The goat is a long cooking meat which makes it fantastic for casseroles and
curries, it is also low in cholesterol and is a lean meat,' Mr Lynn said.

Mr Lynn went on to say he exports to the US but would like to see the American
Department of Agriculture (USDA) be more co-operative. Despite being called the
feral goat, the NSW Department of Primary Industries (DPI) does not class the
animal as a noxious pest, which means that farmers are not required by
legislation to manage the animal's numbers.

If Mr Lynn's predictions are true then the humble feral goat is a cash resource
that is waiting to be exploited by drought stricken farmers looking for a
regular cash flow.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday

Conduit supporters back request for valley water

BYLINE: Anthony A. Mestas, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 967 words


Jul. 26--LA JUNTA - The committee spearheading the Arkansas Valley Conduit
movement Tuesday asked the Southeastern Colorado Water Conservancy District to
allot all project water removed from agricultural irrigation to conduit
participants.

In a letter, conduit backers said they represent 98 percent of the communities
east of Pueblo with a total population of about 43,000 in serious need of better
quality water than currently flows in the Arkansas River east of Lake Pueblo.

The committee said the conduit would supply an estimated 11,000 acre-feet of
water to communities from Pueblo to Lamar and the current project yield falls
short by about 5,500 acre-feet.

The letter stated that the committee recognizes that the district cannot be
expected to provide all of its water needs, but contends that it is extremely
important that the district allocate the water that historically has flowed to
agriculture to the area.

The board noted that decreased flows east of Pueblo would further jeopardize
water quality in the valley. "Agriculture is the largest industry east of Pueblo
and moving water to other areas would restrict our ability to replace the
agricultural economy with other industry," the letter stated.

"Our resources to obtain additional water elsewhere are severely limited
primarily due to a small, scattered population," the letter stated.

The advisory committee is trying to complete a construction fund loan
application to be sent to the Colorado Water Conservation Board. The committee
is requesting a $60 million loan to be repaid over 40 years.

The committee is hoping to get an 80 percent federal share of funding for the
conduit, which is authorized under the 1962 Fryingpan-Arkansas Project, but
which was never built because communities could not afford it on their own.

Phil Reynolds of the Southeastern District reviewed the application with
committee members Tuesday pointing out that they have not yet decided what
collateral they will be offering for this loan.

"We have this application pretty well filled out except the last question here,
which asks how we are going to pay for this puppy," Reynolds said.

Reynolds said the advisory committee will have to address this issue soon.

He said that letters of intent to participate in the project sent by
participating communities will not be good enough for the conservation board.

"They need collateral and most likely revenue bonds. I have a list of their
collateral requirements and so when we get down to it, we are going to have to
go through it and come up with how this project will be paid for," Reynolds
said.

"If each entity isn't going to promise to pay a certain amount, we won't get
CWCD money, I promise you that - they will expect 100 percent repayment in the
end (and) that's what we will need to guarantee," said Bent County Commissioner
Bill Long, who chairs the committee as a director on the Southeastern Colorado
Water Conservancy District.

The application will be considered by the conservation board in November.

The next couple of months will be crucial for the committee, board members said
Tuesday.

"We will be very busy for the next 60 days trying to look into how this thing
will operate and exactly what will be provided and guaranteed from participating
communities - this will be a difficult challenge," said Long.

The next steps in the process to build the $300 million pipeline, designed to
bring clean drinking water to communities east of Pueblo, were reviewed Tuesday
at a conduit advisory committee meeting held at the La Junta Municipal Building.

Long said the committee will discuss four major issues during a meeting
scheduled for Aug. 16 at the Southeastern Water Conservancy District in Pueblo.

The issues include:

The allocation of the 12 percent of Fryingpan-Arkansas project water to go to
communities east of Pueblo from principles in a 1979 water decree.

How 37,400 acre-feet of storage space for project water in Pueblo Reservoir is
allocated to conduit participants.

How the capacity of the pipe will be allocated to each participant.

What kind of entity will operate the conduit once it is functioning.

"These are important factors in determining how this project will move forward,"
Long said.

The Southeastern Water Conservancy District, which oversees the conduit project,
is trying to decide how to apply 1979 allocation principles to the valley.

The principles stated that water from agricultural lands taken out of production
should be shifted to non-irrigation uses. But specific uses were not named.

The amount of water affected is about 3 percent of annual allocations, or an
average of about 1,600 acre-feet. The figure is based on Fry-Ark allocations on
8,000 acres of land along the Colorado Canal Aurora bought in Crowley County in
the 1980s.

Under the 1979 principles, farms get 49 percent of the water; Fountain Valley,
25 percent; Pueblo, 10 percent; cities west of Pueblo, 4 percent; and cities
east of Pueblo, 12 percent.

In other business, Christine Arbogast, representing the committees' lobbyist,
Ray Kogovsek, reported that there has been movement in the U.S. Senate
concerning the project.

She reported that the Senate passed the Water Resource Development Act on a
voice vote two weeks ago and it will go to conference with the House bill.

"The House bill has $59 million in authorization earmarked for the conduit
thanks to the efforts of Congressman John Salazar and Congresswomen Marilyn
Musgrave," Arbogast said.

She said the Senate has not earmarked the authorization.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060726-PB-0726-Conduit-supporters-back-request-for-valley-water

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2006 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Kerala, Punjab, Maharashtra topped in cooperative bank deposits before ban

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: THANE

LENGTH: 554 words


THANE: Either the rural economy is extremely robust or farming is possibly the
most lucrative of occupations. A staggering Rs 9,000-plus crore worth deposits
were made in select district central cooperative banks (DCCB) across17 states in
a short span of five days from November 10\xAD15 last month after
demonetization.Perennially ailing with accumulated losses and large NPAs, these
DCCBs suddenly turned cash-rich as they mopped up a stunning 147 croreplus
demonetized notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denomination.Days after this flow of
deposits into politically-controlled financial outfits at the district level,
policy-makers in the North Block and RBI stopped the DCCBs from accepting any
more deposits of demonetised currency .However, the five-day-window from the
date of demonitisation to the ban proved a godsend for those with connections in
the DCCBs to convert their wealth into legit cash, say experts.Dr. K.G.
Karmakar, former managing director of NABARD, said, "For many years, DCCBs have
been hunting grounds for politicians who open accounts in the name of farmers
and use them for money laundering,'' he said, adding, "It is impossible that a
farmer, in any part of the nation, who survives on loans for every sowing season
has so much cash stashed away .'' Officials are particularly surprised about the
deposits of over Rs 1,800 crore in DDCBs in Kerala, where agriculture is on the
brink of collapse and the economy is largely driven by remittances from the
Gulf."The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve the small and marginal farmers and small
businesses.

It is worth investigating how these loan-dependent depositors suddenly turned
rich and deposited Rs 1,810 crore in a matter of five days,'' a top bureaucrat
told TOI.Ditto in Punjab where the 20-plus DCCBs recorded a whopping Rs 1,268
crore deposits comprising banned Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denomination
notes.Maharashtra, which has seen steady decline in the cooperative movement and
politicization of district le vel banks, ranked third highest with its DCCBs
securing Rs 1,128 crore between November 10 and 14."Farmers in Maharashtra are
consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay debts to loan sharks.These small
and marginal farmers, who form the largest depositor base of the 31 DCCBs in the
state, barely manage to provide for their families. The deposits reveal how the
institution of the DCCB has once again been exploited by political overlords
controlling them to convert their cash into white money ,'' a top official from
the state agriculture department said.The data reveals that over the four days,
DCCBs received Rs 9112.76 crores through deposits and an additional Rs 24.93
crore through exchange of demonetised currency . Interestingly, a major chunk of
the notes deposited, as much as Rs 11.26 crore, were in Rs 500 denomination,
while the number of Rs 1,000 notes deposited was worth Rs 3.48 crore.Speaking of
the RBI's decision to ban these district cooperative banks from accepting
demonetised currency, Karmakar added, "This was the best decision RBI could take
as it not only curbed money laundering in these banks, but also the counterfeit
money circulation. Many of these small banks do not have the facilities to
identify counterfeit bills, which hikes the fraudulent activities further."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              March 2, 2003 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Officials team upto get grant

BYLINE: JOANIE CRADICK, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: H; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 371 words

DATELINE: Henderson, NE


The money from the USDA will be used to purchase equipment for the new medical
clinic.

HENDERSON - The town's new medical clinic will furnish some much-needed
equipment and services, thanks to a $200,000 federal grant designed to develop
rural areas.

Town officials learned earlier this month that Henderson had won the grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to complete the clinic.

The money will be used to provide an elevator and equip a wellness center with
obstetric, cardiac and orthopedic rehabilitation equipment, said grant writer
Kerri Kliewer, executive director of the Henderson Chamber of Commerce.

"People were very happy that we got the grant," said Matt Friesen, general
manager of Mainstay Communications. "One guy said, 'Good. Now I can do the
cardiac rehabilitation here.' He wouldn't have to drive or have to have someone
take him."

Until now, that drive has meant a 15-mile trek to York for Hendersonites and
more miles for those from Hampton, Stockham and other communities.

Construction of the clinic, which is connected to the hospital, cost nearly
$900,000 and covers 5,000 square feet on the main floor, said Marianna Harris,
administrator for Henderson Health Care Services.

The new space will allow for better patient flow and has enabled officials to
hire two additional physicians, who are expected to be in place by Aug. 1, and
to reinstate obstetric services, Harris said.

Hiring the new doctors and keeping medical services in town has been "an answer
to our prayers," she said.

Mainstay Communications, the Henderson cooperative telephone company, will
manage the grant, rotating it to other nonprofit community projects as it is
paid off.

Why did Henderson eclipse out-of-state and other Nebraska communities?

Health care is a hot issue, and Henderson was an underserved community, said
Roger Meeks, USDA rural development manager in Lincoln. Meeks helped Kliewer and
Friesen apply for the federal funds.

Henderson's grant was part of $12.8 million in rural development assistance from
the USDAin 10 states. Henderson was the only Nebraska community to receive an
award.

The clinic is expected to open the middle of March and provide jobs for six
people.

Reach Joanie Cradick at dc34702@alltel.net.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kerri Kliewer, executive director of the Henderson Chamber of Commerce,
and Matt Friesen, general manager of Mainstay Communications, teamed up to get a
rural economic and community development grant from the Department of
Agriculture to help complete a new medical clinic. JOANIE CRADICK/For the
Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                                  May 18, 2006
                                    GENERAL

Ripper rubbished

BYLINE: PAUL JARVIS

SECTION: CMAN; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 615  words


FARM lobby groups have labelled the State Budget, handed down by Treasurer Eric
Ripper last week, as "city centric".

They said it did little to address infrastructure requirements in important
regional areas and represented a cut in Department of Agriculture and Food
spending.

Both the Pastoralists and Graziers Association and the WA Farmers Federation
have criticised the decision to pay the total $1.3 billion cost of the
Perth-Mandurah railway at the expense of spending on regional infrastructure.

WAFarmers president Trevor de Landgrafft said there was a distinct lack of
funding to prime the pump in terms of building on the resources boom driving the
State economy.

"Using the surplus to pay for the Mandurah railway is a bit like getting
yourself into strife and then winning lotto to pay your way out of it, so I am a
bit cynical," he said.

"The Government should have used this opportunity to build infrastructure to
help earn export dollars, like funding transport routes rather than tourist
roads."

Mr de Landgrafft said funding to the main productive areas of the Department of
Agriculture and Food had been cut in real terms.

"The Budget amount the department has received didn't even reach the Budget
forward estimates from last year, and when you look at where the money is going
in agriculture it is going into resource management," he said.

PGA president Sandy McTaggart said the Treasurer had delivered a city centric
budget that failed to recognise that the Budget surplus was based heavily on
regional production.

He was particularly critical of the Government's decision to pay out the
Perth-Mandurah railway, arguing the funds would have been better used to achieve
a spread of transport infrastructure results across the State.

Mr McTaggart said while the PGA congratulated Mr Ripper on the reductions in
debt and the achievement of surpluses going forward, little was being done to
prime the pump in the productive regional areas.

"The Budget reveals a State awash in money, but how much of this revenue is
flowing back to the productive sectors of the State, particularly those outside
Perth?" he said.

"Rural WA will be keen to clarify how much of the $5.2 billion in infrastructure
spending in the next 12 months will be returned to the regions.

"Mr Ripper complains that Peter Costello is taking money from WA to fund the
East, however Mr Ripper is also taking most of his budget surplus from the
productive regions to fund the city."

National Party leader Brendon Grylls accused the Treasurer of railroading the
regions by siphoning off 65 per cent of the record surplus to pay for the
Mandurah railway.

He said people who chose to live, work, and invest outside metropolitan Perth
had been handed a lemon and received little or no social dividend from the huge
resources-driven revenue windfall.

"It's an insult to every regional West Australian and one they will not forget,"
he said.

"This is the budget of an arrogant, city-focused outfit that is priming its city
seats at the expense of regions, and I implore Labor's country MPs to vote
against using the surplus for a city railway."

The Liberal Party focused much of its criticism of the Budget on the Treasurer's
preference for infrastructure spend over tax relief.

Shadow treasurer Troy Buswell said the Budget contained no new significant
infrastructure projects or government programs and he believed the extra $1
billion spend would be absorbed by bureaucracy.

"This budget is one of missed opportunities," Mr Buswell said.'

"Eric Ripper should have taken a leaf out of Peter Costello's book and let the
benefits of the economic good times flow into meaningful tax cuts - he hasn't
and he will be judged very harshly."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Treasurer Eric Ripper.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                     Agweek

                          September 20, 2005, Tuesday

North Dakota farm show plays it up big

BYLINE: By Mikkel Pates

LENGTH: 725 words



WEST FARGO, N.D. -- There seems to be no stopping how big things get in
agriculture, and there's no place like Big Iron XXV to find them.

The region's largest outdoor farm trade show celebrated its silver anniversary
by large crowds. "The weather is perfect; it's perfect timing for the crops,"
says manager Bruce Olson. "You can't complain."

Among this year's 880 booths was one on the north side of the parking lot --
Redball Manufacturing of Benson, Minn. The company has been around since 1984,
initially was named for liquid flow monitor which had a floating red ball in it.
Today, the company, which has manufacturing facilities in Benson and Willmar,
Minn., makes a wide range of high-clearance and row crop sprayers and tillage
equipment.

Grant Lien, Redball's director of marketing and sales, says farmers are looking
hard at equipment that can save them money.

"With the price of petrol and nitrogen, they're looking at any way the can find
to economize, reduce the number of passes and control their costs," he says.

For example, take Redball's 690 rig, a pull-behind sprayer that gets the
attention of most farmers in the crowd.

It has an eye-popping 2,000-gallon tank.

"The boom is 120 feet wide, but we actually go up to 132 feet," says Lien,
explaining features the machine can be ordered in green or red or red, to match
a farmer's color sensitivity.

Smaller Redball sprayers range down to $ 20,000, but this one was $ 48,000 on a
show special.

The 690s have been available for about four years, but farmers who attended Big
Iron say they're starting to new look at them more seriously. Lien says about 60
of the machines have been sold across the years -- from Illinois to Ohio to
Florida. There are pockets of customers in the Red River Valley, especially in
sugar beet areas.

The increased boom width is becoming increasingly popular, Lien says, partly
because it means the producer can make fewer tracks on the field, and partly
because it reduces the number of fillings and stopping.

"There's more efficiency," Lien says.

"Interesting," says Eric Zurn of Callaway, Minn., in Becker County, who stopped
to look at the machines. He drove into town with a friend, Mark Groth of Ogema,
Minn., and Martin Hansen, a Danish exchange student-farmer from his area.

At home, Zurn has a sprayer with a 90-foot boom with a 1,000-gallon tank. "I'm
trying to decide whether I need a second sprayer, or if one big one might do the
job. It could save using another tractor," he says. "I think my (John Deere)
8120 could pull it."

Zurn, who raises wheat, corn, sugar beets, soybeans and sunflowers, doesn't know
whether he's had a good year.

He hasn't started harvesting row crops.

He sees pros and cons with larger machines. It could save time loading chemical,
he thinks. But if he has a 2,000-gallon tank and gets interrupted by rain, he
could have 1,000 gallons of chemical in the tank that might be hard to use.

Zurn is impressed that the machines are getting more compact for travel between
fields. Three years ago, he owned a 120-foot model made by another company, but
it was more time-consuming to fold it up on smaller fields.

"But things are getting bigger and bigger," he says. "I can see it's getting
that way, more and more."

With the run-up in energy prices, the value of steel and petroleum-based
plastics could translate into a "price increase for everybody" next year, Lien
says.

Some farmers prefer to buy the pull-behind models that use existing farm
tractors to buying large, self-propelled models that can range from $ 120,000 to
$ 200,000 and have smaller refilling tanks.

The next big thing is tracks on the sprayers, instead of tires, but the trick
there is getting them narrow enough to compete with wheeled models.

Lien says he had a good show. The majority of farmers he talked to are
optimistic, even if they've had a run of bad weather.

"It's positive," he says. "They're planning for spring."



-----

To see more of Agweek, or to subscribe to the magazine, go to
http://www.agweek.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Agweek Magazine

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: AW-BIG-FARM-SHOW-20050920

JOURNAL-CODE: AW

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                             Copyright 2005 Agweek


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday

Utah preps for high water; flooding not expected yet

BYLINE: By Cimaron Neugebauer The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 651 words


River flows will continue to rise in the Salt Lake Valley as more wet weather
hits the state this weekend, but major flooding due to rapid snowmelt isn't
typically a big concern until about a month from now, says an area hydrologist.

"Typically, we don't have [snowmelt] flooding in April," said Brian McInerney, a
hydrologist for the National Weather Service in Salt Lake City. "Things will
start happening in May."

But in the coming days, people who live near high water tables or by the Jordan
River could see problems with basement flooding due to highly saturated soil,
even though the river hasn't gone over its banks.

McInerney compared the soil in the valley right now to a wet sponge. The ground
is so saturated that more water won't be absorbed into the ground, so it just
starts pooling.

Salt Lake City is calling on residents to avoid streams and to keep children and
pets away from waterways.

"We anticipate high runoffs and stream flows, and though we don't anticipate
flooding, we are preparing for all possible contingencies to keep our community
safe," says Jeff Niermeyer, the city's director of public utilities.

Capital city workers are clearing stream channels, monitoring water flows in and
out of reservoirs, stockpiling sandbags, and evaluating other emergency actions.

In the event of any flooding, residents can contact public utilities' 24-hour
dispatch line at 801-483-6700, option 1. Real-time stream flows also are
viewable at www.pweng.slco.org/flood/streamflow/index.cfm .

Reservoir operators try to release water into the valley, but can let out only
certain amounts at a time.

"It is kind of a balancing act," McInerney said. "They are trying to save as
much water [for the summer] but they also want to make sure they keep safe
[river] channels."

The perfect storm for widespread flooding in the next month or two involves two
things -- temperatures staying cooler than normal with continued wet weather and
then sudden warming.

McInerney said if Utah sees these conditions for the next four to six weeks and
then warming, then peak flows in the rivers could exceed flood levels along the
Wasatch Front.

The National Weather Service is watching City Creek and Emigration Creek as
areas of concern during this week's storm. McInerney said Salt Lake City
officials are already aware of the possibility and are working to minimize
flooding.



-- Derek Jensen contributed to this report. Alt Heads:

Utah preps for high water; flooding not expected yet Salt Lake County gets $1M
to help with post-flood fix

Federal funds continue to flow into Salt Lake County to fix damage caused by
last summer's Little Cottonwood Creek flood. Even so, the county remains
millions of dollars short of the money it needs to shore up the entire channel.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service
announced Thursday that the county will receive an additional $1 million to
restore the waterway to its pre-flood condition.

The money -- which comes on top of a $2 million sum awarded last fall -- will
pay for projects such as rebuilding stream banks, stabilizing slopes, fixing
flood-damaged properties and repairing infrastructure.

Although a welcome financial boost, the money represents only half of what the
county had requested. Scott Baird, director of the county's flood control and
engineering division, says it would have taken $6 million to repair the entire
waterway.

"The area where we got funding to do the improvements, I feel good that they
will hold and be solid," he said. "There are some areas that haven't been funded
yet. They will still be vulnerable."

However, Baird said the county has repaired the most critical sections of Little
Cottonwood Creek, reducing the risk of a repeat flood.

-- Jeremiah Stettler Spring flooding

To see a National Weather Service presentation about possible river flooding for
Utah this spring, visit http://tinyurl.com/UtahFloodForecast.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: As the rain falls, visitors walk through Temple Square Thursday April
7, 2011.
Students Yiwen Zhang and Dong Dong Fu walk across the George S Eccles 2002
Legacy Bridge at the University of Utah Thursday April 7, 2011.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Governors Give SWF as Condition for Paying Minimum Wage

LENGTH: 608  words


Governors of the 36 states of the federation yesterday reiterated that the
Sovereign Wealth Fund (SWF) must be reviewed, insisting that the development is
now a condition for the payment of the N18,000 minimum wage.

But the federal government has set up an intervening committee headed by Vice
-President Namadi Sambo to hold talks with the governors on how to redress the
stalemate trailing the operation of the SWF.

The governors are pushing for a review of the SWF on the grounds that while the
fund is unconstitutional, they claim that the operation of SWF will short-change
revenue flows.

Benue State Governor Gabriel Suswam and his Bauchi State counterpart, Isa Yuguda
, made the governors' position known yesterday while briefing State House
Correspondents immediately after the National Economic Council (NEC) meeting at
the presidential villa, Abuja.

They added that the governors had decided to remain adamant over the issue.

Suswam said, "The Nigeria Governors Forum is not averse to the SWF, the issue is
that in the implementation viz-a-viz what we agreed on before, there are slight
differences but as we talk to you, there is a small committee headed by the
vice- president that is meeting with the president for further discussion on it.

"What we want is that some reviews have to be made giving the reality of the
situation that we found ourselves now. We are talking about the minimum wage and
that requires a lot of money in the hands of the state to meet up those
obligations. So we are looking at it that giving this
additionalresponsibilities. There is also the need for us to look at the way
that the implementation of the SWF would be carried out."

On his part, Governor Yuguda, who hinted that the opposition to the SWF was the
unanimous position of the 36 state governors, added that the governors would
definitely challenge the legal status of the fund.

He said, "If some of the dynamics involved might impact positively as it were,
certainly the governors will have a review of the position because maybe it has
been viewed by the state governors that is a way of short-changing the revenue
flows coming in tax and besides the legality involved."

LEADERSHIP recalls that the SWF was set up by the federal government as a
replacement to the present arrangement whereby earnings above the budgetary
benchmark price of crude oil are expected to be transferred to the fund set up
to replace the country's Excess Crude Account (ECA).

But the governors opposed the arrangement on grounds that it would deny access
to resources to meet their funding obligations, especially the national minimum
wage and other financial commitments.

Also, the Federal Government yesterday announced plans to set up the Nigerian
Incentive-based Risk Sharing Agricultural Lending System (NIRSAS) to provide
succour to farmers through loans at an interest rate to be determined by the
banks and other market forces.

On agric fund, Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, said the
lending system would be a private sector led-initiative, noting that the CBN
would only participate in it by providing risk sharing mechanism to share the
risk with banks.

Speaking through the CBN deputy governor, Financial Stability System, Mr.
Kingsley Moghalu, Sanusi said, "It is a transformational initiative of the CBN
working in partnership with a number of stakeholders including the presidency,
the ministries of agriculture, finance and the state governors to transform
agriculture in this country by multiplying agricultural lending, increasing
access to credit by farmers and to target agricultural lending from the concept
and perspective of value chains."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            January 10, 2016 Sunday

Lawmakers to address conservation spending, bear-human conflicts during session
; Lawmakers to address conservation spending, bear-human conflicts

BYLINE: Dinah Voyles Pulver, Dinah Voyles Pulver dinah.pulver@news-jrnl.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1328  words


LEGISLATURE 2016: THE ENVIRONMENT

State legislators have reached a hard-fought compromise on comprehensive bills
to try to clean up and protect some of Florida's most precious waterways, but
expect to see much debate over other environmental issues, especially how to
divvy up the nearly $1 billion in Amendment 1 money for land and water
conservation.

That tug-of-war could continue for much of the session, which begins Tuesday.
Legislators also will consider proposed bills to reduce conflicts between people
and black bears, prepare for rising seas in coastal areas and make further
changes on conservation easement policies for rural land owners.

The water bill -- negotiated over the past two years -- is expected to pass
during the first week of the session, with support from a couple of the state's
largest environmental advocacy groups, as well as business and agriculture
groups.

Getting legislation passed to help the Everglades, Lake Okeechobee and the
Kissimmee, St. Lucie and Caloosahatchee rivers was a high priority of both House
Speaker Steve Crisafulli and Senate President Andy Gardiner. But the sweeping
150-page bill also represents work done by many others during the past two
sessions and over summers to refine the bill, negotiate amendments and make
other tweaks.

The bill sets deadlines for state officials to create basin management plans and
minimum water flow levels for all of the state's first magnitude springs, as
well as six other springs. Those six springs include DeLeon and Gemini in
Volusia County and Peacock and Poe in Alachua County.

Many people simply refer to the bill as "the Simmons bill," for Senator David
Simmons, R-Altamonte Springs, who has pushed hard for comprehensive legislation
for springs protection and restoration for more than two years.

"This is a major accomplishment, in requiring standards to clean up these water
resources within a set time period," said Simmons. People told him it couldn't
be done, "that the problems were just too big," he said. "Once you define the
problem and put a time period on getting it fixed, you realize many of themup
being a lot easier solved than previously anticipated."

Adam Putnam, commissioner of the Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, said the measures will strengthen successful partnerships with
landowners who have played a critical role in protecting wildlife habitat and
restoring water quality. It is, he said, "a much-needed step forward that
accounts for a long-term, science-based and strategic approach to protecting our
water."

A coalition of 106 environmental organizations and the Florida Springs Council
oppose the bill saying it doesn't go far enough, but the concerns raised by the
groups aren't expected to halt its progress.

"My chief concern is it's not really going to do anything to restore Florida's
springs," said Bob Palmer, legislative committee chairman for the Springs
Council. "It relies on the same old tools that aren't working."

Audubon of Florida and The Nature Conservancy are supporting the bill, after
working to achieve amendments. It's not a perfect bill, but it moves things
forward, said Eric Draper, Audubon executive director. "Is it everything you'd
want? No," Draper said. "We have to incrementally work to try and get the things
done that need to be done."

AMENDMENT 1

Environmental groups that worked to get the Land and Water Legacy initiative
known as "Amendment 1" passed in November 2014 hope things go better for them
this session than last. Two different lawsuits are pending over the state's
allocation of that money, which comes from taxes on real estate documents.

"We were gravely disappointed last year because we all worked so hard to achieve
that monumental success at the polls, only to see it ignored by the
Legislature," said Clay Henderson of New Smyrna Beach, who helped author the
amendment.

Lawmakers will have at least $100 million more in the fund this year, which
gives legislators the "opportunity to spend more money on acquisition and
restoration," he said. "They appear to be prepared to do that and what appears
to have the most momentum is a dedicated source of revenue to restore the
Everglades."

Proposals are in the works in the Senate to allocate certain percentages of
money for springs and aquifer restoration, projects to preserve water resources
and for the Everglades, including the St. Lucie and Caloosahatchee Rivers and
the estuaries they flow into.

Audubon, The Nature Conservancy and others support Sen. Joe Negron's proposal to
put up to 25 percent of the money towards Everglades restoration, including $100
million to the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan, Draper said.

The amendment's backers would like to see a larger portion of the money spent to
acquire key pieces of conservation land. One conservation land program that does
seem to have support is the Rural Family Lands Protection Act, slated to receive
up to $25 million to pay for conservation easements on family-owned ranch or
farm land, said Draper and Janet Bowman, director of legislative policy and
strategy for the Conservancy.

OTHER MEASURES

The environmental groups are watching closely legislation regarding conservation
easements on private land adjacent to state parks and growth management
measures. Given efforts in recent years to roll back growth management measures,
1000 Friends of Florida and The Nature Conservancy are concerned about proposals
that could further limit state review of large regional-scale development
projects or local review of changes to other large projects.

Charles Pattison, policy director of 1000 Friends, fears the measures could mean
no one would be looking out for impacts to state resources in those cases, or
even notifying local governments or nearby property owners of changes in
intensity and density to already approved plans.

The highly controversial state black bear hunt last fall helped drive a bill
proposed by two Democrats, Sen. Darren Soto of Orlando and Rep. Mark Pafford of
West Palm Beach, at the request of Speak Up Wekiva. The advocacy group sued the
Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission over the bear hunt. The
legislation would focus on bear habitat protection, increasing prescribed
burning and provide money to local governments to assist with programs to buy
bear-proof trash cans in certain areas, Soto said.

Soto calls his bill a "more scientific, more holistic approach to protecting
habitat and bear food resources" than the hunt, which resulted in the deaths of
more than 300 black bears. "We all recognize that these human bear interactions
are a problem," Soto said. "It's just the solution that's the big debate."

The public wants to see these bear human conflicts resolved through non-lethal
means, said Chuck O'Neal, a director for Speak up Wekiva. "We're very hopeful
this bill will get bi-partisan support."

Another measure could put up to $50 million into matching funds for projects
that reduce flood risk in coastal communities, something The Nature Conservancy
supports, said Bowman.

A proposal by Sen. Charlie Dean, R-Inverness, would eliminate state park
entrance fees. At a committee meeting, Dean said he hoped it would increase the
visibility and support for parks, especially parks visited less often. A staff
analysis concluded the measure, if approved, would cost the state more than $27
million. Several groups remain concerned about the measure, which has seen no
action since being moved to the Senate appropriations committee on Nov. 20.

"We were concerned that, given the timing, it's going to put even more pressure
on the idea of having state parks cover their costs," Pattison said.

A pair of measures in the House and Senate that would create the Florida Keys
Stewardship Act has broad support. The bills, said Pattison, would set aside
money for a variety of environmental programs in the Keys to improve water
quality, reduce hurricane impacts and protect the islands from additional
development impacts.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2016 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2016 News-Journal Corporation


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Public Opinion

                          November 10, 2004 Wednesday

A hard look at farms;
Bay group hopes to limit runoff

BYLINE: Jim Hook

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1330 words


By JIM HOOK

Senior writer

A multi-state commission of lawmakers has taken aim at agriculture - the major
source of

nitrogen and phosphorus pollution in the Chesapeake Bay.

The Chesapeake Bay Commission - a bipartisan group from Maryland, Virginia and

Pennsylvania - emphasized it was not targeting farmers as polluters. Rather,
cleaning up

farming is the most cost-effective way to cutback nutrient runoff into the
Chesapeake Bay,

according to a commission report issued Friday in Richmond, Va.

"The commission is feeling very, very strongly that this is a bold leadership
step," Chesapeake

Bay Commission Executive Director Ann Swanson said. "What this report does is
show the

logical public investment to make now to capture the lion's share of the load."

The commission wants to invest nearly $1 billion a year in cleanup - $423
million targeted at

agriculture and $522 million at upgrading sewage treatment plants.

The money would come from "enhanced state, local and federal partnerships,"
according to

commission vice president Emmett Hanger, a Virginia state senator and a
Republican. Funding

sources are not specified in the report.

The commission had tabled the

Continued from Page 1A

report in September out of fear that it would be seen as unfairly targeting
agriculture. The

commission added a section about controlling urban development.

Franklin County is one of the top agriculture counties in the bay area. Its
streams flow into the

Potomac or Susquehanna rivers and eventually to the bay.

Agriculture accounts for about half the nitrogen, phosphorous and sediment
loading of the bay,

according to the nonprofit Chesapeake Bay Foundation. The pollution creates
"dead zones"

during the heat of summer by robbing oxygen from a large portion of the bay. It
clouds the water

so sea grass fails to grow into a habitat for the bay's popular crabs and
oysters.

Nutrients can have similar effects on local streams. Algae can deplete oxygen
from warm, still

water and reduce aquatic life, according to John Repetz, a spokesman for the
Department of

Environmental Protection.

Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia have until 2010 to
remove the bay

from the nation's list of impaired waterways. Their efforts since 1985 have
reduced the amount

of nitrogen, phosphorus and sediments entering the bay, but the bay has seen
little improvement

in recent years. They are only halfway to their goal and running out of time.

"We're glad to see the commission is going to target funds for agriculture,"
said Joel Rotz,

Pennsylvania Farm Bureau lobbyist. "There are considerable regulation changes on
the way with

the state Nutrient Management Act and the federal CAFO (concentrated animal
feedlot

operation) law that are going to create additional burdens on farmers."

Farmers are reluctant to shoulder the economic yoke of cleaning up the bay.
Profit margins have

been slim down on the farm.

"Farmers are not willing to lay out a chunk of money to solve a problem that
been going on for

years and years," said Roger Anderson, who owns a small cattle farm in Lurgan
Township. "If we

can get everybody together and come up with grants and cost shares, more people
will be willing

to try to make it work."

Anderson worked with the Franklin County Conservation District this past year to
prevent

barnyard manure from running into a stream and to fence his cattle out of the
stream. The

project cost less than $30,000. His share was about 20%.

"The programs were there," Anderson said. "The average farmer isn't going to be
able to shell out

that money unless the programs are there."

He fenced about 300 yards of the stream. His cattle now cross where Lynns Run
passes through

a large pipe. His barnyard is a concrete pad sloped to a collection box. The
manure can be

emptied into a pasture that acts as a filter.

"I feel I'm doing my part to make things better," Anderson said. "I'm the first
farm on (the

headwaters of) this stream. If everybody down the road doesn't do something,
it's not going to

make a difference. I'm a small stepping stone."

Water from Lynns Run eventually reaches the Susquehanna River, the bay's main
supply of

nutrient runoff.

The 64,000-square-mile bay watershed includes parts of Pennsylvania, Maryland,
Virginia, West

Virginia, New York, Delaware and Washington, D.C. About half the freshwater
flowing to the bay

originates in Pennsylvania.

"Agriculture is easy to target because there's a lot of it out there," Rotz
said. "You move soil;

there's going to be some impact. ... Farmers are getting tired of having the
finger pointed at

them, and they have no additional way to pass the cost on."

"What I hope is that everyone slows down and realizes this is not about pointing
fingers at

polluters," Swanson said. "It's about where the best investment of dollars is if
you want a clean

bay."

The report is intended to shift public perception from the notion that bay
restoration is

prohibitively expensive to a targeted approach where investment will lead to a
significant

reduction in nutrient pollution, according to Hanger.

- Associated Press contributed to this story.

HELP IS AVAILABLE

State and federal agencies finance a variety of programs that help farmers pay
for preventing

barnyard runoff and fencing cows out of streams. For more information, call the
Franklin County

Conservation District at 264-8074, Ext. 5.

See Page 6A

The nonprofit group whose goal is to "save the bay" has proposed going after
money in the

nation's Farm Bill to clean up the Chesapeake Bay.

A Chesapeake Bay Foundation blue ribbon finance panel reported last week that
cleaning up the

bay will require billions of dollars, money that is currently not available.

The panel wants the Farm Bill to target the 64,000-square-mile bay area.
Historically, the region

has received less Farm Bill funding than other parts of the nation.

Farmers should be eligible for Farm Bill money to reduce production of
nutrients, such as

nitrogen and phosphorus, according to the foundation based in Annapolis, Md. The
Farm Bill

should be available for manure management and yield reserve programs.

The Farm Bill should encourage greater land stewardship through the conservation
security

program

The panel also proposed that farmers be required to implement nutrient
management plans to

qualify for commodity payments in the Farm Bill. Farmers in the region receive
five times more

money through commodity subsidies than conservation payments.

The efforts would be coordinated with a proposed Chesapeake Bay Watershed
Financing

Authority. The authority would set funding priorities and establish a revolving
loan fund to finance

cleanup projects. The federal government would put $12 billion into the loan
fund by 2010. The

six states in the bay watershed and the District of Columbia would supply $3
billion.

The panel's proposals need congressional and state approvals.

POLLUTION REDUCTION

A new report from Chesapeake Bay Commission contends that it is cheaper and more
efficient

to focus on farms rather than water treatment plants to reduce levels of
nitrogen, phosphorus

and sediment in the Chesapeake Bay and its watershed, which includes Franklin
County. All

dollar amounts are in millions.

Pollution  Reduction    Annual  Reduction of   Annual   Reduction     Annual
Total

source     of nitrogen    cost     phosphorus    cost       of sediment  cost
        cost

Farms          44% $323M 30% $100M 100% No* $423M

Water plants 34% $300M 45% $222M N/A** N/A $522M

Total            78% $623M 75% $322M 100% No $945M

*No = no additional cost

**N/A = Not applicable

Source: Chesapeake Bay Commission

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday
                               1 - State Edition

Record crop cash lifts spirits in rural towns

BYLINE: RURAL EDITOR NIGEL AUSTIN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 408  words


MONEY is starting to flow through to regional towns and communities following
the record grain crop as the rural sector enjoys one of its best years for
decades.

Machinery and car sales are booming as the once-in-a-lifetime occurrence for
many farmers of record crops and high commodity prices helps lift spirits and
improve finances throughout the country.

The benefits of the record $3.4 billion grain crop had started to flow on to
country towns even before it was harvested.

First, the money flowed to machinery dealers where farmers bought new and used
harvesters to reap the big crop.

Since then, the money has started to flow on to car yards as farmers replace
aged cars with newer models.

South Australian Farmers Federation president Peter White said some farmers had
achieved their best incomes ever because of record production and really high
prices.

``A lot of people have said to me that it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience or
at best twice-in-a-lifetime to get both together,''

Mr White said.

Regions throughout the state are enjoying the benefits of the record crop,
particularly the large cropping areas of the Eyre and Yorke peninsulas and the
Upper, Mid and Lower North.

Rural properties are starting to sell more freely as confidence returns, while
the demand for farm workers has also increased.

Mr White said the record value of the crop was extremely timely because small
businesses were really feeling the pressure.

``We've seen a terrific lift in spirits and while there were some difficulties
during harvest, they all admit that if they had to put up with those problems
every year to get that income, they would do so,'' Mr White said. ``If we can
string two seasons together like this, we will really see a big jump in
spending, but we need at least two good years to get back to where we should
be.''

Karoonda machinery dealer W.D. Lewis & Co manager Ty Mickan said he'd never
experienced a harvest like it, having sold 15 new and used harvesters. ``We sold
seven new harvesters for about $500,000 each when typically we'd only sell about
two new harvesters a year,'' he said.

``There has been a huge focus on harvesters and we are seeing people start to
shift to other things such as tillage equipment for this year's planting from
the end of April.

``Once farmers get their grain cheques, it will flow on with the order of
things, usually farm machinery first, then a new car and then people look to
bathrooms, kitchens and holidays.''

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 24, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Farm income figures are deceptive

BYLINE: James Cox

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 695 words


This year's harvest could produce a shocking and unexpected bounty:
record farm income.

Farm receipts -- the income farmers get from the sale of crops,
produce, dairy products, cattle, hogs and poultry -- will plunge
to the lowest level since 1987, according to an analysis by Sparks
Cos., a commodity consulting firm.

But huge government payments are expected to make up the difference,
Sparks says. Congress is considering a $ 7.4 billion bailout and
could further sweeten the package before sending it to President
Clinton, who is expected to sign the plan into law this fall.


Add the $ 7.4 billion in emergency money to $ 16.6 billion in previously
approved government farm payments, and farmers could be getting
39% of their income from Washington.

The bailout has created "a disconnect between what the numbers
show and what you read about and hear from farm organizations,"
says J.B. Penn, a senior vice president at Sparks.

The hitch? Many government programs steer the bulk of payments
to farmers who need help the least -- big operators with lower
costs and healthier balance sheets. About 350,000 of the nation's
1.9 million farms are responsible for 87% of U.S. farm production.

The Sparks analysis distorts the picture because it masks unevenness
among farmers growing different crops and raising different animals,
says Keith Collins, chief economist at the Department of Agriculture.

Payments or not, farmers are "straining under cash-flow problems,
particularly for crops and hogs, and there are serious debt problems
for about 20% of U.S. farm businesses," Collins says.


<>Farm income over the years<>

U.S. farm income will hit a record this year if the $ 7.4 billion
farm bill is passed into law. (In billions)

              Farm receipts         Govt. payments           Total income
 1991             $42.1                  $8.2                   $50.3
 1992             $45.9                  $9.2                   $55.1
 1993             $45.4                 $13.4                   $58.8
 1994             $42.9                  $7.9                   $50.8
 1995             $45.3                  $7.3                   $52.6
 1996             $50.2                  $7.3                   $57.5
 1997             $51.0                  $7.5                   $58.5
 1998             $42.7                 $12.2                   $54.9
 1999[+1]         $37.1                 $24.0                   $61.1

 1 - estimate

Sources: Sparks, Department of Agriculture

<>USA's exports to Asia<>

Foreign purchases of U.S. farm commodities have fallen sharply
since peaking in 1996, but Asia remains the biggest buyer. U.S.
exports to Asia, in billions:

                                                     Pct. of total
                           1996           1998           in '98
 Soybeans                  $3.5           $2.2             45%
 Wheat                     $3.0           $1.8             49%
 Feed grains               $6.0           $2.9             58%
 Cotton                    $1.9           $1.4             56%
 Red meat                  $3.3           $2.7             61%
 Fruits and vegetables     $2.7           $2.4             35%

 Source: Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    June 13, 2002 Thursday National Edition

Ottawa readies $5.2B farm aid: Provinces demanding immediate bailout to counter
effects of U.S. agriculture subsidy (All but Toronto edition headline.);
 Ottawa readies $5.2B in farm aid: Provinces demand bailout to counter U.S.
subsidies (Toronto edition headline.)

SOURCE: National Post

BYLINE: Ian Jack

SECTION: News; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 854 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA

OTTAWA - The federal government is close to unveiling an aid package worth
almost $5.2-billion to ease farmers farmers' financial hardship in the face of a
global farm subsidy war, senior government officials say.

Insiders say the government will direct the money to bankroll permanent changes
in agriculture rather than responding with bailouts to the almost yearly cries
of crisis from agricultural producers.

But the five-year program is unlikely to satisfy the provinces, many of which
are calling for $1.3-billion in immediate aid for losses they say farmers have
incurred as a result of U.S. protectionism.

The federal handout would make available only about $600-million in immediate
payments, and even that amount may be reduced as part of an ongoing fight over
the exact size of the initiative.

Sources say officials from the Department of Finance claim the total package is
too much and are trying to negotiate it downward. The dispute is said to have
left hundreds of millions of dollars hanging in the balance, including
$100-million the Finance Department wants lopped off the initial payout.

However, a senior Finance official disputed that version of events, saying other
arms of government are equally concerned about the size of the package.

The government is worried other groups, such as softwood lumber producers hurt
by an ongoing U.S. tariff on exports, would use it to demand money, the official
said.

Liberal caucus sources said yesterday that Jean Chretien, the Prime Minister,
jokingly told MPs yesterday that when Lyle Vanclief, the Agriculture Minister,
returns from a six-day tour of Iran and Rome, he would flip a coin to decide the
amount of the farm aid package.

Tying support for farmers hurt by U.S. and European farm subsidies to the
broader farm spending review that has been underway for some time is one way to
limit demands for one-time payouts from other groups.

Sources say the $5.2-billion package won approval from a committee of Cabinet
that vetted it, and the endorsement in principle of the full Cabinet.

Cabinet is set to approve the farm aid, which is expected to be rolled out by
the last week of June, when federal and provincial agriculture ministers meet in
Halifax.

The Prime Minister has seized on the farm package as a way to combat suggestions
the government is floating with few policy initiatives. Senior officials in his
office said last week that it and the ethics package released on Tuesday would
be the major initiatives of the late spring.

The handout will include money that does not flow directly to farmers, for items
such as research into better food safety. It will contain funds to help farmers
improve their skills and shift to specialty crops such as soybeans, for which
there is global demand. Measures to prevent watershed contamination and to
promote better information technology are also included.

Another initiative would pay farmers to take marginal land out of agriculture by
converting it to forest or grassland.

The provinces would be expected to add to the federal contribution for some of
the programs but not all. Traditionally, farm programs are split 60-40 with the
federal government picking up the bigger share.

In the House of Commons yesterday, Mr. Chretien said the provinces should
consider themselves lucky they don't have to pay half.

"We are more generous," the Prime Minister said. "The provinces should be very
happy to have to pay only 40%."

He also confirmed the package is before Cabinet.

Lorne Calvert, the Saskatchewan Premier, was in Ottawa yesterday to meet with
Mr. Chretien and push for the federal government to pay $1.3-billion out of its
own pocket in direct farm aid. He said he flew east because of rumors an
announcement is imminent.

Afterward, he admitted the Prime Minister has not budged.

"He has not changed his mind and I have not changed mine. We still have work to
do," he said.

"It is my view that the national government needs to come to the aid of Canadian
producers and that aid should be 100% funded by the national government."

Mr. Calvert said he accepts provinces must share the financial burden of most
agricultural programs, but argued that compensation for trade injury is a
special case and falls under federal jurisdiction.

A farm bill recently signed into law by George W. Bush, the U.S. President,
boosts subsidies for U.S. farmers by 70% by authorizing US$190-billion in
spending during the next 10 years.

Mr. Calvert also noted Ottawa has come to the aid of other industrial sectors
without seeking provincial participation, citing the Air Canada bailout as an
example.

Last October, the government announced a $160-million package for the airline
industry, with the majority of the money believed to be destined for Air Canada.

Mr. Calvert also said the Prime Minister told him Cabinet has not made a final
decision on the amount of funding for the farm program.

Farmers in Saskatchewan have been hit not only by the subsidy war that has
pushed prices down, but also by drought and flooding.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Adrian Wyld, The Canadian Press; Farmers facing
hardships in the subsidy war may soon have relief in the form of a $5.2-billion
aid package. (Photo ran in Toronto edition.)

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday

County joins energy savings incentive program

BYLINE: Anne Polta, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Jan. 21--WILLMAR -- A clean energy program that allows businesses to invest in
energy-saving measures and pay for the improvements through a property tax
assessment is coming to Kandiyohi County.

The County Board of Commissioners voted Tuesday to participate in the program,
known as Property Assessed Clean Energy.

The concept of using a voluntary property tax assessment as a long-term,
low-cost financing mechanism for energy-related improvements is beginning to
catch fire nationally, said Peter Lindstrom, local government outreach
coordinator for Clean Energy Resource Teams of Minnesota.

"It's appealing for business owners because it's always cash-flow positive," he
said.

Nor is there a cost to taxpayers, Lindstrom said.

The incentive program operates in several Minnesota cities and counties,
including Chippewa, Meeker, Renville and Stearns counties.

About 35 percent of overall energy consumption in the U.S. is tied to buildings,
making this a ripe area for improvements that foster more efficient energy use,
Lindstrom said.

One business that decided to participate in the PACE program was the Blue Line
Travel Center of Worthington. The owners invested $74,000 in upgrading the
lighting, including the installation of energy-efficient LED lights, Lindstrom
said. Annual savings are projected at $14,000.

The improvements were paid for through U.S. Department of Agriculture funds,
assistance from Worthington Public Utilities and a property tax assessment
through PACE.

Closer to home, a farm in Meeker County and a campground in Richmond are
installing high-efficiency solar arrays to cut energy costs, using the property
tax assessment to finance the improvements, Lindstrom said. The money they save
in energy costs is plowed back into the voluntary assessment, which typically is
on the property tax bill for 10 years. There are several requirements for
participation, Lindstrom said.

The program is only available to businesses in the private sector, such as
farms, small businesses and industrial facilities. Applicants must be the legal
owner and current on all their taxes.

The process starts with an energy audit to identify areas for potential
energy-efficient improvements. The property owner then must submit an
application for review and approval. The voluntary property tax assessment is
capped at 20 percent of the property's assessed value.

Property owners also can use other funding sources, such as the USDA, to help
pay for energy-saving improvements. The PACE program was established by the
Minnesota Legislature in 2010 but was initially slow to catch on, Lindstrom
said. The addition of stimulus funds prompted the St. Paul Port Authority to
become involved, and there now are about 20 cities and a dozen counties that
participate in PACE through joint powers agreements with the Port Authority, he
said.

The County Board's action Tuesday makes Kandiyohi County the latest addition to
this list.

No specific energy-saving projects have been identified yet in Kandiyohi County,
but a rollout is planned to help spread the word to local business owners that
the program is available.

___ (c)2016 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160121-YM-County-joins-energy-savings-incentive-program-0121-20160121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2016 West Central Tribune


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday

Kandiyohi County joins energy savings incentive program

BYLINE: Anne Polta, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Jan. 21--WILLMAR -- A clean energy program that allows businesses to invest in
energy-saving measures and pay for the improvements through a property tax
assessment is coming to Kandiyohi County.

The County Board of Commissioners voted Tuesday to participate in the program,
known as Property Assessed Clean Energy.

The concept of using a voluntary property tax assessment as a long-term,
low-cost financing mechanism for energy-related improvements is beginning to
catch fire nationally, said Peter Lindstrom, local government outreach
coordinator for Clean Energy Resource Teams of Minnesota.

"It's appealing for business owners because it's always cash-flow positive," he
said.

Nor is there a cost to taxpayers, Lindstrom said.

The incentive program operates in several Minnesota cities and counties,
including Chippewa, Meeker, Renville and Stearns counties.

About 35 percent of overall energy consumption in the U.S. is tied to buildings,
making this a ripe area for improvements that foster more efficient energy use,
Lindstrom said.

One business that decided to participate in the PACE program was the Blue Line
Travel Center of Worthington. The owners invested $74,000 in upgrading the
lighting, including the installation of energy-efficient LED lights, Lindstrom
said. Annual savings are projected at $14,000.

The improvements were paid for through U.S. Department of Agriculture funds,
assistance from Worthington Public Utilities and a property tax assessment
through PACE.

Closer to home, a farm in Meeker County and a campground in Richmond are
installing high-efficiency solar arrays to cut energy costs, using the property
tax assessment to finance the improvements, Lindstrom said. The money they save
in energy costs is plowed back into the voluntary assessment, which typically is
on the property tax bill for 10 years. There are several requirements for
participation, Lindstrom said.

The program is only available to businesses in the private sector, such as
farms, small businesses and industrial facilities. Applicants must be the legal
owner and current on all their taxes.

The process starts with an energy audit to identify areas for potential
energy-efficient improvements. The property owner then must submit an
application for review and approval. The voluntary property tax assessment is
capped at 20 percent of the property's assessed value.

Property owners also can use other funding sources, such as the USDA, to help
pay for energy-saving improvements. The PACE program was established by the
Minnesota Legislature in 2010 but was initially slow to catch on, Lindstrom
said. The addition of stimulus funds prompted the St. Paul Port Authority to
become involved, and there now are about 20 cities and a dozen counties that
participate in PACE through joint powers agreements with the Port Authority, he
said.

The County Board's action Tuesday makes Kandiyohi County the latest addition to
this list.

No specific energy-saving projects have been identified yet in Kandiyohi County,
but a rollout is planned to help spread the word to local business owners that
the program is available.

___ (c)2016 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160121-YM-Kandiyohi-County-joins-energy-savings-incentive-program-0121-2016012
1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2016 West Central Tribune


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 5, 1992, Sunday

The roar of money

BYLINE: Tom Teepen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section V; Page 6

LENGTH: 273 words


Mr. Miller hasn't made up his mind yet whether to veto legislation allowing
bottlers to falsely label well water as spring water. Indeed, he says he hasn't
even spoken to anybody about the issue.

This will give voters a chance to see if money can talk without whispering a
word.

In his 1990 gubernatorial campaign, Mr. Miller accepted a contribution of $
19,200 from Donald M. Leebern Jr. and his family. Mr. Leebern is president of
the Columbus-based Georgia Crown Distributing Co., a beverage distributor that
would benefit greatly from the bill on Mr. Miller's desk.

The legislation would allow well-water bottlers such as Mr. Leebern to mislabel
their products to deceive consumers. The issue arose when Agriculture
Commissioner Tommy Irvin decided that, beginning next month, the state would
prohibit bottlers from calling their product "spring water" unless it is
"derived from an underground formation from which water flows naturally to the
surface of the Earth through a natural orifice."

That regulation didn't suit Mr. Leebern, so he decided to seek help from his
friends in the Legislature - friends who have received campaign contributions
from him. Mr. Leebern, a member of the Board of Regents, even managed to get
University of Georgia President Charles Knapp and UGA athletic director Vince
Dooley to lobby for him.

The General Assembly passed the bill to allow water pumped from underground to
be sold as natural spring water, a product that typically brings a higher price.
Now only Mr. Miller can stop this silly legislation.

The question is: who has the governor's ear, consumers or powerful lobbyists?

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 26, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Arizona Braces to Meet Once-in-200-Years Flood

BYLINE: By MURRAY CHASS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 10; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 962 words

DATELINE: ROLL, Ariz., Feb. 25


Audrey Sanchez and Patricia Fajardo stood in the yard with their five young
children today and listened to the deputy sheriff urging them to leave the area
as soon as possible.

"How can we get help to move out our stuff?" Mrs. Fajardo said. "All we have are
small cars."

"Do you have a telephone?" asked the deputy, C. D. Bailey. "You can call
emergency management services. They'll send people out to help."

Mrs. Sanchez shook her head. "I'm already out of my home," she answered. "There
are already looters around. People are trying to steal my antenna."

The Fajardos live about a mile and a half north of the Gila River, which, in
ordinary times, is basically dry. These, however, are not ordinary times.

The waters of the Gila River are charging over the spillways of the Painted Rock
Dam for the first time since it was completed in 1959, and about 3,500 people
are being asked to leave their homes in expectation that the area will be
flooded by early next week, when officials expect the river to swell to two
miles wide.

Record rains have created the largest lake in Arizona in the reservoir near Gila
Bend, which has been been noted more for heat than water. It is often the
hottest place in the United States and normally completely dry.

Flow Picks Up Speed

About 2.8 million acre-feet of water is waiting to cascade into the farming
communities between the dam and Yuma, in the state's southwest corner. An
acre-foot is enough to cover one acre with water one foot deep, and 2.8 million
acre-feet would be enough to cover almost all of Connecticut with water that
deep.

The flow already has begun, with the rate increasing from an already rapid
12,500 cubic feet a second on Tuesday to 16,130 on Wednesday and 21,499 today,
Larry Killman of the Wellton-Mohawk Irrigation and Drainage District, said. At
its worst the flow is expected to increase to 50,000 cubic feet a second next
week.

The damage, depending on the ferocity of the flood, could run to $100 million,
Keith Kelley, director of the state Agriculture Department, estimated.

Of the 65,000 acres of farmland in the Mohawk Irrigation District, Mr. Kelly
estimated, 30,000 will be damaged. Besides the devastation that will be suffered
by the farmers and their farmhands, consumers around the country will feel the
effect of the flood in higher prices and perhaps scarcity of some products. Yuma
County is the nation's second largest vegetable-growing region, providing the
country with virtually all of its winter lettuce.

Ten-year-old Fernando Morales was not thinking about lettuce at the moment. He
was helping his mother with her last clothes wash before they left their
one-story house on Avenue 38E, less than two miles from the Gila (pronounced
HEE-lah).

"We already took all the furniture and the beds," Fernando said, speaking for
her mother, a Mexican, who speaks no English. "Now we just need the
refrigerator, the washing machine and boxes of clothes. We're leaving tomorrow.
Everybody else at our school already had to move. I feel sad for us. We don't
have that much places to go. When we come back, it will be better."

Roads and Bridges Closing

But who among the hundreds who have been evacuated and have moved their
furniture and other belongings know when they will be back?

Roads and bridges leading from the north side of the river to the south and
higher side are being closed daily. By the beginning of next week, the only way
to travel to the south side may be by way of dirt roads well north of the river,
into California.

The fear for the future is evident in the words of Mrs. Sanchez and Mrs.
Fajardo. Mrs. Sanchez and her family moved in with Mrs. Fajardo, her sister, and
her family earlier in the week. Now they were planning to move together to "a
tiny, tiny trailer" they had rented.

"Then I don't know what we're going to do because we don't have any money," Mrs.
Fajardo said. "We don't have any idea when we'll be able to come back."

Travis Bonsall, 16, said he and his family did not expect to be able to return
to the trailer park where they live for six to nine months.

"We're not moving everything because we don't have room for it," his mother
said. "But we're lucky; we have flood insurance. A lot of people don't have
flood insurance. That's why a lot of the trailers left. We never had anything
like this. They're saying it's a 200-year flood pattern. They've never had
anything like it."

Not everyone was eager to flee what is expected to be the path of the flood. "We
can't force them to leave, but we can strongly advise them that they should
leave," Mr. Bailey said.

Some People Stay Put

Ralph Ogden, the Yuma County sheriff, told of an elderly woman with whom he had
been negotiating daily to leave.

"I'm playing games with her," the sheriff said at the county substation in
nearby Wellton. "She's been here since 1935 or 36 and she doesn't want to leave.
But she has her things packed and we have an agreement. As soon as I see water
near her, I'll tell her and she'll leave."

Mary Jean and John Klingenberg have lived in the valley for 33 years, 17 at the
farm they were leaving today for the mesa on the other side of the river. Mr.
Klingenberg estimated that they would suffer a $1 million loss to their farm,
where they grow wheat, cotton, alfalfa and Bermuda grass seed.

"The wheat crop in the back is gorgeous the way the sun is shining on it," Mrs.
Klingenberg said. "I hate to think of it being destroyed. We have never
experienced this before. We have one field already under water."

She thought for a second and continued, "We built our house here because it was
in the middle of the farm, which probably was a mistake. We should've built it
on the mesa. That's where everybody else is."


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Maps show location of Painted Rock Dam.

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 15, 2010 Friday

Business headlines

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 448 words


Wal-Mart to double local produce offerings in stores

NEW YORK - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to double its sales of locally sourced
produce in the U.S. by the end of 2015.

The move by the world's biggest retailer is part of a new sustainable
agriculture strategy that looks to steer more business to small and medium-sized
farmers globally while also reducing farming's environmental impact.

If Wal-Mart meets its goals in the U.S., local produce will still make up only 9
percent of the produce it sells. But because of the retailer's sheer scale, it
has the potential for a sizable impact. More than half of Wal-Mart's $405
billion annual revenue is from food.

In other countries the goals are bolder. Wal-Mart said it would source 30
percent of its produce in Canadian stores locally by the end of 2013, and set a
goal of 100 percent when local sources are available.

- Associated Press

Schuster Heart Hospital receives EMTEC grant

KETTERING - The Edison Materials Technology Center will provide Kettering Health
Network's Schuster Heart Hospital with grant money during the next 12 to 15
months to help pay for $160,000 in heart diagnostic research.

The $80,000 EMTEC grant will help KHN develop software to analyze magnetic
resonance imaging (MRIs) in 3D that can pinpoint precise parts of the heart that
are functioning abnormally due to decreased blood flow, according to Jason
Parker, senior scientist with KHN's Innovation Center. Surgeons can then target
those areas to surgically restore blood flow, Parker said.

It's the first grant provided to a health-care facility through EMTEC's core
technology program. KHN's $80,000 in-kind contribution covers MRI imaging costs
and employee time.

- Ben Sutherly, staff writer

Verizon will start selling iPad

NEW YORK - In a sign of warming relations between the two companies, Verizon
Wireless is going to start selling Apple Inc.'s iPad at the end of this month,
the companies said Thursday.

AT&T Inc. is Apple's exclusive U.S. carrier for the iPhone. It's also the only
U.S. carrier that's compatible with the "3G" version of the iPad, which allows
for cellular data access.

Verizon Wireless won't sell the 3G version. Instead, it will sell the Wi-Fi
version, with the option of bundling it with a "MiFi" gadget for about $130.
MiFi, a Post-It-pad sized, battery-powered device, connects to Verizon's 3G
network and relays the data to the iPad via Wi-Fi. Data plans will start at $20
per month for 1 gigabyte.

The iPad is also sold by several retail chains, including Best Buy Inc. AT&T
said separately Thursday that will also begin selling the iPad in its stores
Oct. 28. The carrier's data plans for the iPad start at $15 per month.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    August 12, 1995, Saturday, City Edition

Group discusses restoring river flow

BYLINE: DAN DeWITT

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



The Nature Coast Soil & Water Conservation District has scheduled a meeting  to
discuss what it says is fresh news about the deterioration of the  Withlacoochee
River.

It has invited, among others, representatives from the Southwest Florida  Water
Management District; the Florida Department of Agriculture; the Citrus,
Hernando and Pasco county commissions; and U.S. Rep. Karen Thurman,
D-Dunnellon.

The meeting will be at 7 p.m. Wednesday at the Hernando County Fairgrounds,  on
U.S. 41 on the south side of Brooksville. The site was chosen because it is
near Swiftmud headquarters and because it is centrally located for the three
counties most affected - Citrus, Hernando and Pasco.

"The Withlacoochee River . . . has undergone some drastic changes that are  not
mirrored in other riverine systems," said L. C. Alexander, chairman of  the
conservation district.

But Alexander also acknowledges that the information to be presented, as  well
as the goal of the meeting, is not particularly new.

The focus will be on a compilation of studies about the river collected by
Chester Bradshaw of Pasco County. The studies trace the effect of recent
development along the Withlacoochee and its source in the Green Swamp Basin.
But some of the studies that Bradshaw has included date back more than 100
years.

One of Bradshaw's findings is that extensive logging in the area  irreversibly
altered the river and swamp decades ago. The logging reduced the  flow of the
river and, in turn, lowered the water pressure required for  recharging the
Floridan aquifer.

Since there is no simple way to restore the flow, the meeting probably will
concentrate on ways to manage what remains.

"It's kind of like a bank account. You can spend the money foolishly, or  you
can husband it and spend it in the wisest manner. That, I think, is what  we
have come down to," said Alexander, who in addition to being chairman of  the
conservation district is a member of TOO FAR, which stands for Taxpayers
Outraged Organization for Accountable Representation.

TOO FAR was formed in 1991 when water levels in Citrus County's Lake Tsala
Apopka began to decline alarmingly. One solution up for discussion at the
meeting has been the group's primary goal - restoring Wysong Dam on Lake Tsala
Apopka.

"The longer that water can be pooled and the more pressure it can put on  that
system, the better off we are in Florida as a whole," Alexander said.

The dam, originally constructed in the mid-1960s, was removed by Swiftmud  in
1988 to restore what Swiftmud considered natural water flow. TOO FAR  members -
including Alexander and president Frank Robinson - believe that the  water's
natural flow pattern was better replicated when the dam was in place.

"We're not hung up on the Wysong Dam," Robinson said. "We're saying put
something back in the river to hold the water back. It used to have rocks,
trees and grassland and most of this has been removed by man."

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 14, 1995, Monday, City Edition

Group discusses restoring river flow

BYLINE: DAN DeWITT

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



The Nature Coast Soil & Water Conservation District has scheduled a meeting  to
discuss what it says is fresh news about the deterioration of the  Withlacoochee
River.

It has invited, among others, representatives from the Southwest Florida  Water
Management District; the Florida Department of Agriculture; the Citrus,
Hernando and Pasco county commissions; and U.S. Rep. Karen Thurman,
D-Dunnellon.

The meeting will be at 7 p.m. Wednesday at the Hernando County Fairgrounds,  on
U.S. 41 on the south side of Brooksville. The site was chosen because it is
near Swiftmud headquarters and because it is centrally located for the three
counties most affected - Citrus, Hernando and Pasco.

"The Withlacoochee River . . . has undergone some drastic changes that are  not
mirrored in other riverine systems," said L. C. Alexander, chairman of  the
conservation district.

But Alexander also acknowledges that the information to be presented, as  well
as the goal of the meeting, is not particularly new.

The focus will be on a compilation of studies about the river collected by
Chester Bradshaw of Pasco County. The studies trace the effect of recent
development along the Withlacoochee and its source in the Green Swamp Basin.
But some of the studies that Bradshaw has included date back more than 100
years.

One of Bradshaw's findings is that extensive logging in the area  irreversibly
altered the river and swamp decades ago. The logging reduced the  flow of the
river and, in turn, lowered the water pressure required for  recharging the
Floridan aquifer.

Since there is no simple way to restore the flow, the meeting probably will
concentrate on ways to manage what remains.

"It's kind of like a bank account. You can spend the money foolishly, or  you
can husband it and spend it in the wisest manner. That, I think, is what  we
have come down to," said Alexander, who in addition to being chairman of  the
conservation district is a member of TOO FAR, which stands for Taxpayers
Outraged Organization for Accountable Representation.

TOO FAR was formed in 1991 when water levels in Citrus County's Lake Tsala
Apopka began to decline alarmingly. One solution up for discussion at the
meeting has been the group's primary goal - restoring Wysong Dam on Lake Tsala
Apopka.

"The longer that water can be pooled and the more pressure it can put on  that
system, the better off we are in Florida as a whole," Alexander said.

The dam, originally constructed in the mid-1960s, was removed by Swiftmud  in
1988 to restore what Swiftmud considered natural water flow. TOO FAR  members -
including Alexander and president Frank Robinson - believe that the  water's
natural flow pattern was better replicated when the dam was in place.

"We're not hung up on the Wysong Dam," Robinson said. "We're saying put
something back in the river to hold the water back. It used to have rocks,
trees and grassland and most of this has been removed by man."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 10, 2001 Monday

BULK OF FARM AID WENT TO FRACTION OF RECIPIENTS BILLIONS IN SUBSIDIES DOLED TO
BIG FIRMS, RICH OWNERS

SECTION: Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 849 words


Almost two-thirds of the $27 billion in federal farm subsidies distributed last
year went to 10 percent of America's farm owners, including government agencies
and Fortune 500 corporations, a review of Agriculture Department records shows.

Farm-subsidy rules are based on farm acreage, rather than financial need. That
meant taxpayer money flowed to media mogul Ted Turner, pro-basketball star
Scottie Pippen and an heir to the Rockefeller fortune. Some of the wealthiest
members of Congress received aid from farm programs for which they voted.

At least 20 Fortune 500 companies and more than 1,200 universities and
government farms, including state prisons, received checks from federal programs
touted by politicians as a way to prop up needy farmers. Subsidies also went to
real-estate developers and absentee landowners who live in big cities such as
Chicago and New York.

Sen. Tom Harkin, an Iowa Democrat and chair of the Senate Agriculture Committee,
called such examples an "embarrassment, a black eye that can only undermine
public and taxpayer support for the programs."

A group of Sacramento Valley rice growers reaped the second-largest amount of
farm subsidies last year. But California farmers received $812 million of the
$27 billion doled out to U.S. farms last year, ranking the state 12th, despite
its place as the most productive agricultural state. Iowa, which produces less
than half the bounty of California, received $2.7 billion.

Government aid made up almost half of total farm income nationwide last year,
most of it parceled out through programs aimed at keeping farmers from
bankruptcy when the price they get for crops is not enough to pay their bills.
But recipients don't have to be cash-strapped farmers, or even farmers at all.
The subsidies flow to anyone with a stake in farmland.

An analysis of more than 22 million checks sent out by the Agriculture
Department in fiscal year 2000 shows that 63 percent of the money went to 10
percent of recipients.

In the past three years, with prices for corn, rice and other crops tumbling to
near-record lows, Congress passed a series of bailouts, sending billions of
dollars in extra aid to rescue farmers from mounting debt, foreclosure and
bankruptcy.

Of the 1.6 million farm-aid recipients last year, the average recipient got
about $16,000. About 57,500 recipients got more than $100,000, and at least 154
got more than $1 million. Because recipients can receive payments under several
different names, it is likely there are many more who passed the million-dollar
mark.

Mary Kay Thatcher, a lobbyist for the American Farm Bureau Federation, argues
against limits, saying big farms take bigger risks, log higher expenses and
produce more of the crop.

"It's not like these guys are getting rich from government payments," Thatcher
said. "They've had to have them in order to survive."

Yet among last year's recipients are wealthy people, companies and organizations
that could survive without government aid.

* Former Chase Manhattan Bank chairman David Rockefeller received $146,000 in
subsidies. Employees said the money goes into running the family's 3,000-acre
farm, not into Rockefeller's pocket.

* Agriculture Department records show checks sent to at least 20 Fortune 500
companies, including IBP, Chevron, Archer Daniels Midland and Caterpillar.

"The price-support program is to encourage production of the crops, and we are
just as much a part of that program as anyone else," said Ed Spaulding of
Chevron, which hires tenants to farm some of the oil-bearing land it owns in
central California.

* U.S. Rep. Doug Ose, R-Woodland, a developer ranked 22nd on Roll Call
magazine's list of the richest members of Congress with a net worth of $12.5
million, owns part of two companies that got about $149,000 in rice subsidies.

* Scottie Pippen, whose Portland Trail Blazers contract pays him about $14
million a year, received $26,000 for growing hardwood trees in Arkansas. When
Pippen bought the land in 1993, it already was enrolled in the conservation
program, according to USDA records.

* Ted Turner and his companies collected at least $190,000 in subsidies last
year for ranches he owns in Montana, South Dakota and Florida.

At least $17 million in crop subsidies went to government agencies including
airports, wildlife departments and prisons. Colleges and universities got $6.3
million.

The House Agriculture Committee already has endorsed a package that funnels more
money into the existing system and adds some new subsidies. Critics say it does
not curb payments to mega-farms or the rich. PHOTO: DAVID REICKS -- UNIVERSITY
OF ILLINOIS
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, which receives more farm aid
than any other college, experiments on these fields.
PHOTO: TOM ROBERTS -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
Farmers gathered in August for a seminar on soybean aphid problems at the
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, which had received $710,000 in
federal farm subsidies in 2000.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         January 7, 1998, CITY EDITION

Farmers left (pounds) 1.7m in cheques uncashed, says Department

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 302 words


Farmers did not cash cheques worth over (pounds) 1.7 million in 1997, the
Department of Agriculture has confirmed in end-of-year figures issued yesterday.

It said that it had to reissue 3,316 cheques worth (pounds) 1,726,540 to farmers
during the year, and the largest of these was for (pounds) 17,232.

The cheques, according to a Department spokesperson, covered all the schemes
operated by the Department on its own and on behalf of the EU.

In all, farmers were paid over (pounds) 900 million in 1997 in cheques, an
amount which forms a considerable portion of farm income for Ireland's 120,000
farmers.

But last night the Irish Farmers' Association defended the situation and said
the public should not conclude that farmers had so much money that they need not
bother cashing cheques.

"If you look at the situation you will see the figure is less than 0.2 per cent
of total monies paid and there are a variety of legitimate reasons why cheques
are not cashed," a spokesman said.

"In fact, given the amount of money that is paid in cheques I suspect that the
number of social welfare cheques which are uncashed may be the same or even
higher," he said.

He said the legitimate reasons for cheques not being cashed could include
farmers wanting to facilitate cash flow, saving for a time when cash was needed
or because cheques were incorrectly issued.

"It happens at every level and some of the cheques may have been issued to the
wrong people, or in the wrong name or to people who have died," he said.

"What we would like to know now is when will the 10,000 farmers who have not
received all they are owed from last year get their money," he added.

He said that under the Charter of Rights farmers were to have been paid all
their entitlements by the end of each year, but this was not the case.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 The Irish Times


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2007 Friday

Water funds on minds of lawmakers

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 574 words


Jan. 26--DENVER -- Too bad money doesn't flow to water.

State lawmakers explained Thursday at Colorado Water Congress that more money is
available to the state after passage of Referendum C in 2005 and increased
revenues from mining severance taxes, but getting it to areas where it will make
a long-term difference in water is a problem.

"You need to invest the money where you'll reap rewards," said Sen. Jim Isgar,
D-Hesperus, chairman of the Senate agriculture committee. "The difficulty is:
Where you put the money? Where do you find the money to invest?"

Isgar explained funding for transportation and capital construction projects has
been freed up, but state agencies like the Department of Corrections are still
under spending caps.

"The budget is still tight," Isgar said.

The severance tax has provided a good source of funding for water projects while
it lasts, Isgar said. It will fund $40 million water projects through the
Interbasin Compact Committee and basin roundtables over the next four years. It
has also given more funding to the Colorado Water Conservation Board,
agriculture and soil conservation programs.

Rep. Kathleen Curry, D-Gunnison, said more long-term solutions are needed for
water administration. The Division of Water Resources is among state agencies
that need a long-term fix, she said.

"We need to be better funding the state engineer's office," Curry said. "They're
our agency and we can't even afford to pay the mileage for water commissioners."

Curry, who chairs the House ag committee, advocated more research on low-water
crops that are worth more money, protecting CWCB revenue sources and having more
of a voice in Bureau of Reclamation decisions.

"The Front Range needs to find water solutions that don't involve East-West
transfers," she added.

Sen. Gail Schwartz, D-Aspen, announced she would carry a water-quality bill in
the Senate. The bill, HB 1132 sponsored by Rep. Buffie McFadyen, D-Pueblo West,
passed in the House ag committee Wednesday.

On funding for water, Schwartz is still sorting out the issues.

"We need to look into long-range solutions and allocate funds where the
priorities are," Schwartz said.

Rep. Ray Rose, R-Montrose, said the state needs to get serious about about
removing invasive species like tamarisk and Russian olives as a way to reclaim
large amounts of water.

Rose said restoration of existing projects is needed -- fixing leaky canals,
removing silt from reservoirs or simply renewing permits that have lapsed.

"That's cheap water, a way to gain supplies without a big investment," Rose
said. "We need to support smaller storage projects. . . . We have to start
funding projects and moving ahead."

Rep. Jerry Sonnenberg, R-Sterling, and Frank McNulty, R-Highlands Ranch, also
spoke to the group. Sonnenberg advocated more storage projects and McNulty said
lawmakers need to be more educated about water issues.

The two were the only no votes on the House ag committee in passing the
water-quality bill, although the bill has widespread support throughout the
water community. The Colorado Water Congress and the state's major utilities are
supporting the bill this year.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070126-PB-0126-Water-funds-on-minds-of-lawmakers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2007 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             May 11, 2005 Wednesday

BUDGET 'O5;
$30m to lift Murray, Snowy flows

BYLINE: BY SAM WEIR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 422 words


the environment

A PROGRAM to improve flows in the River Murray and Snowy River will be extended
by four years with an additional $30 million in Federal Government funding.

A further $20 million over two years also has been allocated to identify and
manage salt deposits in the Murray-Darling basin.

In another boost to the health of the Murray, $200 million in promised funding
for the Living Murray Initiative will be allocated in the next financial year.

This comes after the resolution of an election dispute with the state and
territory governments.

Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the initiatives funded by his department
complemented other water reforms through the National Water Initiative and the
$2 billion Australian Water Fund.

The Australian Water Fund is a major investment in water infrastructure,
improved environmental knowledge and water management.

In the environment and heritage portfolio, the Government committed an extra
$50.6 million taking the total spending for the next financial year to $3.2
billion.

The bulk of the new money - $100 million over five years - has been earmarked to
cement Australia's position as a world leader in research through the
Commonwealth Environment Research Facilities.

Of this, $40 million has already been devoted to research into the Great Barrier
Reef, tropical rainforests and coastal regions.

The remaining $60 million will be allocated through national funding rounds
beginning in the second half of the year.

A smoother integration of the Solar Cities program, of which Adelaide is one of
the two trial cities, is expected with a $5.7 million two-year extension to the
Photovoltaic Rebate Program.

This offers rebates for home owners and developers who install solar-energy
generators.

More than $46 million will also be spent over the next four years to operate an
airlink between Hobart and the Antarctic to help in research work.

Some of the other environment initiatives include:

ALMOST $20 million over six years to rebuild 12 of the oldest field
meteorological offices in the Bureau of Meteorology's observation network.

FUNDING of $10.5 million over four years to help restore and protect Australia's
most important heritage places through the new national Heritage Investment
Initiative.

MORE than $5 million over four years to be spent on the National Pollutant
Inventory, which gives all Australians access to information about pollutant
emissions in their local area.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Kerala, Punjab, Maha topped in co-op bank deposits before ban

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 549 words


Either the rural economy is extremely robust or farming is possibly the most
lucrative of occupations. A staggering Rs 9,000-plus crore worth deposits were
made in select district central cooperative banks (DCCB) across17 states in a
short span of five days from November 10\xAD15 last month after demonetization.

Perennially ailing with accumulated losses and large NPAs, these DCCBs suddenly
turned cash-rich as they mopped up a stunning 147 croreplus demonetized notes of
Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denomination.

Days after this flow of deposits into politically-controlled financial outfits
at the district level, policy-makers in the North Block and RBI stopped the
DCCBs from accepting any more deposits of demonetised currency .

However, the five-day-window from the date of demonitisation to the ban proved a
godsend for those with connections in the DCCBs to convert their wealth into
legit cash, say experts.

Dr. K.G. Karmakar, former managing director of NABARD, said, \x93For many years,
DCCBs have been hunting grounds for politicians who open accounts in the name of
farmers and use them for money laundering,'' he said, adding, \x93It is
impossible that a farmer, in any part of the nation, who survives on loans for
every sowing season has so much cash stashed away .'' Officials are particularly
surprised about the deposits of over Rs 1,800 crore in DDCBs in Kerala, where
agriculture is on the brink of collapse and the economy is largely driven by
remittances from the Gulf.

\x93The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve the small and marginal farmers and small
businesses. It is worth investigating how these loan-dependent depositors
suddenly turned rich and deposited Rs 1,810 crore in a matter of five days,'' a
top bureaucrat told TOI.

Ditto in Punjab where the 20-plus DCCBs recorded a whopping Rs 1,268 crore
deposits comprising banned Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denomination notes.

Maharashtra, which has seen steady decline in the cooperative movement and
politicization of district le

vel banks, ranked third highest with its DCCBs securing Rs 1,128 crore between
November 10 and 14.

\x93Farmers in Maharashtra are consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay
debts to loan sharks.These small and marginal farmers, who form the largest
depositor base of the 31 DCCBs in the state, barely manage to provide for their
families. The deposits reveal how the institution of the DCCB has once again
been exploited by political overlords controlling them to convert their cash
into white money ,'' a top official from the state agriculture department said.

The data reveals that over the four days, DCCBs received Rs 9112.76 crores
through deposits and an additional Rs 24.93 crore through exchange of
demonetised currency . Interestingly, a major chunk of the notes deposited, as
much as Rs 11.26 crore, were in Rs 500 denomination, while the number of Rs
1,000 notes deposited was worth Rs 3.48 crore.

Speaking of the RBI's decision to ban these district cooperative banks from
accepting demonetised currency, Karmakar added, \x93This was the best decision
RBI could take as it not only curbed money laundering in these banks, but also
the counterfeit money circulation. Many of these small banks do not have the
facilities to identify counterfeit bills, which hikes the fraudulent activities
further.\x93

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 13, 1990 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

STATES CALL FOR TENFOLD RISE IN RURAL AID

BYLINE: CATHY BOLT

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 478 words


Mounting concern over rural difficulties was reflected yesterday in a call by
the States for a huge lift in government funds to provide concessional finance
to farmers.

At a meeting in Sydney, State ministers responsible for the national Rural
Adjustment Scheme said they needed increases in federal funding for new
applications next year totalling just over $60 million - a tenfold increase on
this year's $6 million figure.

If accepted, the States' request would cause the total federal allocation to the
scheme, which includes continuing funding, to double in 1991-92 to about $120
million.

With most of the new money likely to be used to provide interest rate subsidies
on existing commercial or State loans, it could be expected to ease the cost to
embattled farmers of debt totalling more than $500 million.

At the same time, the Federal and State governments served notice on the banks
that they would be expected to carry a substantial share of the burden of the
sharp downturn in Australia's wool, wheat, dairy, rice and fruit industries.

In a joint statement after the meeting, the State ministers and the Federal
Minister for Primary Industries and Energy, Mr Kerin, noted considerable concern
among farmers over recent increases in margins being charged by banks on their
loans.

And in their strongest response yet to that concern, they said they had agreed
that interest subsidies provided by the RAS on commercial loans would not
generally be made available where interest charges were more than 1 per cent
above the prime rate.

Further, they said, the move to increase financial assistance to farmers did not
mean the RAS scheme "would be used to bail financial institutions out of
non-performing loans resulting from injudicious lending practices".

The decision drew an angry reaction from bankers and expressions of concern from
farmers.

Westpac Banking Corp oration's agribusiness manager, Mr Richard Read, said
yesterday banks had applied risk margins to some farmers, in the range of
0.5-1.75 per cent, to reflect the industry's position, just as they did with
other sectors.

"It's a broad statement from politicians and they should examine the exposure
that industry has," he said.

National Australia Bank 's rural lending manager, Mr Chris Shearer, said his
bank was reviewing all its rural loans with a view to ensuring viable farmers
faced with a negative cash-flow were able to continue farming. He indicated a
restructuring policy now being put together could include interest holidays.

"We don't want to become large land owners," he said.

The National Farmers' Federation's research director, Mr Gary Goucher, said he
welcomed the sentiment of the ministers' action on loan margins but said it
often was farmers in higher-risk categories that needed RAS assistance.

"A strict application would probably mean they would not get any money at all,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1990 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Herbert River Express (Australia)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday
                              HerbertRiver Edition

SIX HECTARES CLEARED ALREADY

BYLINE: RACHEL RILEY rachel.riley@news.com.au

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 508 words


MORE than six hectares of vegetation from sand islands in the Lower Herbert has
been cleared, as workers now move to clear a safe boat landing for emergency
services to use in floods.

The Herbert River Improvement Trust's excavators and bulldozers moved to a site
upstream of the Halifax bridge to create a safe launch area, which will be used
to launch boats distributing supplies during natural disasters. HRIT Chairman
Arthur Bosworth said the work was done at the request of the Halifax Progress
Progress Association and local SES services.

The HRIT was granted State Government approval to remove about 6.4ha of
overgrown vegetation at four islands from the Halifax bridge to downstream of
the Mona Landing.

It is the first time in more than a decade vegetation has been cleared, which is
expected to give Lower Herbert residents almost 20cm less water during floods.
The $100,000 clearing project started last Monday following a successful $11,300
development application submitted by the Trust in August.

Trust member Keith Phillips said most of the extensive build up of vegetation
they had removed so far was weeds, which were impeding the normal flow of the
water during a flood.

"We are trying to clear as many paths as possible to increase the avenues of
flow for the water," he said. "If we are able to increase the velocity of the
water it will help stop material depositing in local areas and help keep the
water contained in the banks of the river." Halifax Progress Association
president Andrew Lancini said the removal of vegetation was a good start, but
all four islands need to be maintained annually for the district to reap the
benefits.

"This sort of clearance work was done about 18 years ago," he said. "It costs a
lot of money to do, but if the Trust and the politicians keep their eye on the
ball with regular spraying and maintenance it won't cost hundreds of thousands
each time.

"There are other islands further upstream that need work to create better water
passages for the Lower Herbert, but the true success of this work will be
measured this coming wet season." The clearance work follows Natural Resources
and Mines Minister and Hinchinbrook MP Andrew Cripps' announcement of a $600,000
grant to the Queensland Council of River Trusts Capital Works Program.

Mr Cripps said the money from his department was the largest ever annual
contribution made by the Queensland Government to the State Council of River
Trusts.

"The Newman Government has a strong plan to grow the agriculture sector and
manage our natural resources in a productive and responsible way and we are
doing this by delivering much needed funding to support the environment and
landholders," Mr Cripps said.

Mr Cripps said River Trusts across Queensland delivered vital works to help
restore riparian vegetation, improve water quality and tackle weed and pest
issues.Queensland Government funding for the projects will be supported by
additional funding from the trusts, councils and affected landowners to ensure
the projects deliver optimal value for money.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Herbert River Express


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             May 19, 2016 Thursday

Capital Markets: Aussies prefer NZ investment

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 808 words


Though merger and acquisition activity this year might not reach the highs seen
in 2015, Simpson Grierson partner Michael Pollard remains positive about the
market.

"We are starting to see a steady deal flow. Last year was a standout, yet this
year"s deal flow is still reasonable. Unless there"s some kind of adverse event,
I"d expect to see a solid, busy year in 2016," he says.

The year got off to a slow start, but then so did 2015. That"s not unusual in
New Zealand where there is a pronounced break in deal activity during the summer
months.

Pollard says: "A lot of the deal value came on during the middle and towards the
end of last year. There was not much activity in the first quarter of 2016. Most
of the deals talked about have been hanging around for a while -- like Paymark
and Tegel.

"There has been a shift in the market. There were 12 initial public offers in
2014, only three last year and just one so far this year, although some are
still in the market -- they are getting away slowly and we are seeing the same
pattern across the Tasman in Australia."

Deals nudged the $9 billion mark in New Zealand in 2015, and mergers and
acquisitions around the world, with global volumes up 37 per cent, had a flow
-through effect into the New Zealand market.

Pollard says the global capitalisation market is coming off last year"s high.
With national regulators still trying to inject life into their economies, there
was a huge wave of activity and that had a knock-on effect in New Zealand.

He says overseas business confidence remains strong, but is less so than last
year.

Another Simpson Grierson partner, James Hawes, says the mood is reminiscent of
the period immediately after the global financial crisis.

He says "while the deal flow is slow, the market confidence is high. There is
lots of money still around of the equity side, both private and public."

Australian funds have New Zealand in their sights. Hawes says "to some extent we
are insulated from the negative sentiment in Australia. In fact, Australian
funds find New Zealand a good place for their money when things are not going
too well at home.

"We"re aware that towards the end of last year Australian funds were more active
in New Zealand than they were in Australia. They like to be able to buy into a
mature business in New Zealand.

"They find it easier and less expensive to buy a top company with a strong
competitive position here. They are still a strong source of our deal flow,"
Hawes says.

It"s not only Australian money making its way to New Zealand. It"s long been
true that a significant proportion of local merger and acquisition transactions
involve a foreign buyer, but Pollard says almost all of last year"s deals were
to overseas investors.

While the deal flow is slow, the market confidence is high. There is lots of
money still around of the equity side, both private and public.James Hawes

He says Japanese investors remain interested in New Zealand. They are still
active here. Many, maybe most, of the tech-heavy New Zealand companies go to
American buyers.

"There is a lot of United States capital floating around and while the news
tends to focus on other countries, United States are heavy investors in New
Zealand farmland and agriculture."

Pollard says last year United States-based Accel Partners invested $133 million
in Xero. Equifax acquired Veda, the credit reporting company. Winona Capital, a
Chicago-based private equity firm invested in Rodd and Gunn. In comparison there
was only one sizeable Chinese deal and one with a Japanese investor.

While United States investors are strong in the technology field, they have a
broad interest in New Zealand business. That"s not the case with Chinese
investors.

Hawes says they are focused on the primary sector and in many cases it is
narrower still with dairy being the main interest.

Another niche market of interest to Chinese investors are honey-related assets,
especially those in manuka honey.

Hawes says "despite the talk of a slowdown in China, we are not seeing any let
up in Chinese interest in New Zealand assets. Chinese investors are becoming
more Western in their outlook.

"In the past most of the money involved an element of Chinese state backing, and
those investors would look at local businesses from a different perspective to
others.

"Now they are more used to dealing in our part of the world and there"s less
complexity in the deals."

One barrier to deals in the past has been the time taken by the Overseas
Investment Office) to deal with applications to acquire sensitive land or
assets.

Pollard says even non-strategic land applications could take months to get
approval.

"There isn"t the capacity to handle the big deals. It tends to slow things down
and it makes it harder to get overseas investment in New Zealand. However, we
hear the agency is recruiting people which could help."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 July 29, 2013

'Commercial Banks Can't Finance Agric As BOA' [interview]

LENGTH: 1325 words


The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of Agriculture (BOA)
Limited,

during the recently held Agriculture council meeting in Abeokuta took time out
to talk on agriculture lending in the country, mechanization and why the bank
remains the choice lending house for smallholder farmers in the country.

Here is an excerpt from the interview with

The requirement in agricultural sector in terms of funding is too large for one
player to meet, but with the advent of Agriculture Transformation Agenda (ATA)
and the Nigerian Incentive based Risk Sharing for Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL)
program, which seeks to encourage banks to lend to agriculture, things are
looking up as commercial banks are coming in.

You know the commercial banks have the largest pool of fund, so they are doing
that but they need to do more like the Minister of Agriculture pointed out.

At the level of Bank of Agriculture, (BOA), as a development bank and fully
owned by the government, we are also doing our best, but things are beginning to
look up.

Part of the challenges we had was lack of lending resources, but this is being
addressed like the minister pointed out. The President has approved the
recapitalization of the bank of agriculture to the tune of N15b.

Even before this money was announced, we had also been re-engineering the bank,
we have repositioned the bank into a more formidable institution and we are
supporting farmers.

It is an ongoing thing. On the average, using our own resources, we do about N5b
every year, we can do more, but the resources are not just there. We want to
scale that up to about N20b in a year , so the N15b capitalization we are going
to receive is going to support what we are doing.

We are working with other partners, this figures I have given you is just the
fund on the part of the bank , we also have a scheme where we collaborate with
governments. We are into partnership with most of the state governments in the
federation. We just signed up with Lagos.

We are going to flag off with Lagos, we have done Sokoto state , we are in Osun
state, FCT and other states. What we do in these states are matching funds
arrangement. Government put in money and we put in additional resources . We
then use the money to support there farmers.

Beyond that also, critically for the first time, BOA is also working very
closely with the mandate ministry, which is the ministry of agriculture.

As you know, the ministry has a very big ambitious mechanization program worth
about N3.6b. This is actually being driven by the ministry , we are a
collaborator in this case . Soon , we are going to roll out.

Part of the problems of agriculture in this country is lack of mechanization.
The fact that you use hoe and cutlass in farming is not farming but punishment.
We need to scale up our farming and need to do the right thing as far as
mechanization is concern.

We are supporting the ministry to do a mechanization program worth N3.6b in
about 80 mechanization supports sites. Although it is going to be driven by the
private sector, but the government is supporting the initial creation.

We are going to have about 40 such centres throughout the country , we are going
to provide about 400 tractor implements in the first stage and that project is
already on going and it is part of the ministry program.

It is hiring scheme, but in a different way. You know in the past government
import tractors and give to farmers or set up hiring services that are never
sustainable. So, what is happening in this case, is that we are going to have
pools, we are going to have mechanization service providers which will hold at
least five set of implement and they are going to be private sector. It is not
government. The government will set it up, the promoters will pay some amounts,
the bank will also contribute, the suppliers of tractors will also provide some
trade finance.

We are going to empower tractor hiring providers to provide the services, the
reason being that the average farm land holding is usually too small to make it
effective for a farmer to go and buy a tractor. So the approach of pool services
is very attractive when you have cases like this.

You know agricultural lending is a very important space , but it is also a space
that is a bit risky. Now, what they are talking about is the inputs supply
arrangement with agro dealers and so on.

You know it is a value chain , inputs to outputs . Now the top end of the value
chain, which is inputs supply , is with a minimal risk because you don't have
issue of weather, pest and so on .

But most of the lending we are doing up to this moment is for production and we
are lending to small farmers, so our demographics are bit different .

In the past there used to be political interference in what we do and now it has
significantly reduced because of the level of professionalism that we have in
the ministry as nobody is giving notes to farmers saying give this person loan.
If you want loan, you come and we assess you .

We have now strengthened the risk management of the bank in terms of who gets a
loan and the condition they have to meet, but again you need to balance it
between access and security for the loans. So what we have done is to make sure
that farmers are properly identified .

One of the things we are also using is the co-operative approach , as you know
our small holder loans are not secured by properties, they are secured by
personal guarantees and peer pressure and so on.

Increasingly , we are improving this through cooperatives as they know each
others and they bring pressure to bear and so on . So in our experience some of
these methods have paid off because the level of defaults has significantly
reduced in the last two years as compared to what obtained in the past.

I don't think it is right to do so, because the evidence does not support that.
Last year, the Central Bank of Nigeria and the federal ministries of finance and
agriculture went into agreement with the commercial banks to deliver N30b worth
of credits and they had guarantees but I am not sure what they disbursed was up
to N5m

So it is not true the commercial banks can do it better as the conditions for
accessing commercial loans is very tight and most farmers can not get through.

We are the only one in this country that can give loans at micro level based on
cash flows and without physical collaterals. So I believe the space is wide
enough for everyone to make its impact felt.

For the large farmers the commercial banks can do that because the big farmers
have collaterals but for medium scale agriculture, the Bank of Agriculture is
the place to go to.

The adeni programme is based on the concept of ware housing , where farmer will
bring their produce , because you know at the beginning of harvesting season,
prices usually crash so that is not the best time to sell.

Most farmers sell then because they need money either to pay loan or do other
things. So the adeni program was a pilot scheme that we used to say let us do
the ware housing scheme .

In the developed country they do it a lot. You go and put your produce in a
warehouse and then the ware house issue you a receipt and banks can provide
lending against that. What we did in the past was a pilot, but what we are
trying to do now is to widen it , but to do that we must put in place the
required warehousing infrastructure.

That is why we are working with the commodities exchange. You know the law that
will require the acceptance of ware house receipt as a bank security has not
been passed. So what we are waiting for is for that law to be passed. We are
working with the commodities exchange commission to support the passage of that
law , but we are not resting on our oars as we have a bilateral committee now
that is looking on what we can do before these loans are approved.

So, it is something we are also very passionate about. It is a warehouse receipt
kind of lending. We want to do it in a bigger way.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Death by a thousand cuts

BYLINE: MALCOLM SUTTON

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 750 words


BLOOD will continue to flow from South Australian agriculture spending with
further cuts outlined in the 2013-14 State Budget released on Thursday last
week.

State Government spending on PIRSA will be reduced from an estimated $88.7
million in 2012-13 to $77.1m in 2013-14, and 45 jobs will be shed across the
department, with its total net cost of services to fall from $97.6m to $79.7m.

It follows a $15.02m spending reduction in last year's budget.

The agriculture, food and wine industry's net cost will be reduced from an
estimated $10.5m to $8.79m less than half its $17.3m budget of 2010-11 and
full-time staff reduced from 57 to 42.

This is despite the department's expenses and income increasing by $13.8m to
$14.4m, and $3.3m to $5.6m respectively.

Spending has increased because of a $1m fund ($2.6m across four years) to
establish premium food and wine industry 'clusters' in regional areas, starting
in the Murraylands/Riverland and Limestone Coast regions.

It has included $0.6m ($2.5m across four years) to promote premium food and wine
to key provincial markets in China.

Budget savings have offset the increases, with department expenses cut to save
$1.5m, and shuffling taking place between the departments to reallocate $0.5m
from agriculture, food and wine to bolster SARDI.

But after having its budget slashed by $2.7m in 2011-12 and $1m in 2012-13,
SARDI had its net costs reduced from $33.5m to $29.3m in 2013-14 a larger cut
than the past two years combined.

Biosecurity net costs will be reduced by $4.1m despite $0.3m ($1m across four
years) allocated to a new fruitfly mitigation program to increase surveillance,
border controls, monitoring and public education.

Reductions included $1m in efficiencies to meet budget savings, as well as $0.7m
for program efficiencies in the supply of sterile Mediterranean fruitfly, the
$1.8m finalisation of the National Feral Camel Action Plan in the Far North, and
the $1.1m finalisation of the Branched Broomrape Eradication program.

Rural Services too had its net costs reduced from $4.6m to $1.6m, having lost
$1.8m in what the government calls "workforce adjustments and rationalisation of
services".

Primary Producers South Australia chairman Rob Kerin says PIRSA is facing death
by a thousand cuts.

"The government just doesn't get it," he said.

"I just think they sit back and think, these are private businesses, why, are we
giving them money?

"What they don't seem to get is that there's a range of things that PIRSA does,
such as biosecurity and R&D, that you couldn't count on any individual business
to do.

"It's gotta be done collectively and we pay government taxes to do these
things."

Mr Kerin welcomed what the Treasurer called 'seven pillars of priorities' in the
State Budget, under which the fruitfly, industry clusters and marketing to China
were flagged, as well as $4.1m across four years to establish a high-value food
manufacturing centre.

"It's not a lot of money but it's better than nothing I suppose," Mr Kerin said.

"But SARDI's really getting down to only just having enough money to function.

"And across PIRSA, it's not as if they've gone and closed down a heap of
processes, it's just that there's less and less people to do them, because the
telling figure is by the end of 2013-14 there will be only 916 employees."

State Agriculture Minister Gail Gago said all areas of government were expected
to play their part in achieving budget outcomes.

PIRSA'S programs and services focussed on supporting industry directly,
eliminating duplication and overlap, and pursued cost recovery of activities
where there was a "clear private benefit".

"Targeted initatives such as those announced in the budget play to our strengths
and the opportunities we have, and are a vote of confidence in the future of the
industry," Ms Gago said.

The strategic priority to produce premium food and wine would take advantage of
a "considerable opportunity" for SA to meet growing global demand of its
produce.

But Opposition Agriculture spokesperson David Ridgway called it a "miserable,
short-sighted budget".

Mainstream media coverage of the budget last week made little mention of the
cuts to SA's highest economic contributor agriculture, food and wine.

"The sad truth is that what we produce and the contribution we make to the
economy is misunderstood or ignored by many people in metropolitan Adelaide, and
certainly in State Cabinet," he said.

Since 2010-11, PIRSA's total expenses have been reduced by $79.3m and SARDI's
budget by nearly $7m.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Death by a thousand cuts

BYLINE: MALCOLM SUTTON

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 750 words


BLOOD will continue to flow from South Australian agriculture spending with
further cuts outlined in the 2013-14 State Budget released on Thursday last
week.

State Government spending on PIRSA will be reduced from an estimated $88.7
million in 2012-13 to $77.1m in 2013-14, and 45 jobs will be shed across the
department, with its total net cost of services to fall from $97.6m to $79.7m.

It follows a $15.02m spending reduction in last year's budget.

The agriculture, food and wine industry's net cost will be reduced from an
estimated $10.5m to $8.79m less than half its $17.3m budget of 2010-11 and
full-time staff reduced from 57 to 42.

This is despite the department's expenses and income increasing by $13.8m to
$14.4m, and $3.3m to $5.6m respectively.

Spending has increased because of a $1m fund ($2.6m across four years) to
establish premium food and wine industry 'clusters' in regional areas, starting
in the Murraylands/Riverland and Limestone Coast regions.

It has included $0.6m ($2.5m across four years) to promote premium food and wine
to key provincial markets in China.

Budget savings have offset the increases, with department expenses cut to save
$1.5m, and shuffling taking place between the departments to reallocate $0.5m
from agriculture, food and wine to bolster SARDI.

But after having its budget slashed by $2.7m in 2011-12 and $1m in 2012-13,
SARDI had its net costs reduced from $33.5m to $29.3m in 2013-14 a larger cut
than the past two years combined.

Biosecurity net costs will be reduced by $4.1m despite $0.3m ($1m across four
years) allocated to a new fruitfly mitigation program to increase surveillance,
border controls, monitoring and public education.

Reductions included $1m in efficiencies to meet budget savings, as well as $0.7m
for program efficiencies in the supply of sterile Mediterranean fruitfly, the
$1.8m finalisation of the National Feral Camel Action Plan in the Far North, and
the $1.1m finalisation of the Branched Broomrape Eradication program.

Rural Services too had its net costs reduced from $4.6m to $1.6m, having lost
$1.8m in what the government calls "workforce adjustments and rationalisation of
services".

Primary Producers South Australia chairman Rob Kerin says PIRSA is facing death
by a thousand cuts.

"The government just doesn't get it," he said.

"I just think they sit back and think, these are private businesses, why, are we
giving them money?

"What they don't seem to get is that there's a range of things that PIRSA does,
such as biosecurity and R&D, that you couldn't count on any individual business
to do.

"It's gotta be done collectively and we pay government taxes to do these
things."

Mr Kerin welcomed what the Treasurer called 'seven pillars of priorities' in the
State Budget, under which the fruitfly, industry clusters and marketing to China
were flagged, as well as $4.1m across four years to establish a high-value food
manufacturing centre.

"It's not a lot of money but it's better than nothing I suppose," Mr Kerin said.

"But SARDI's really getting down to only just having enough money to function.

"And across PIRSA, it's not as if they've gone and closed down a heap of
processes, it's just that there's less and less people to do them, because the
telling figure is by the end of 2013-14 there will be only 916 employees."

State Agriculture Minister Gail Gago said all areas of government were expected
to play their part in achieving budget outcomes.

PIRSA'S programs and services focussed on supporting industry directly,
eliminating duplication and overlap, and pursued cost recovery of activities
where there was a "clear private benefit".

"Targeted initatives such as those announced in the budget play to our strengths
and the opportunities we have, and are a vote of confidence in the future of the
industry," Ms Gago said.

The strategic priority to produce premium food and wine would take advantage of
a "considerable opportunity" for SA to meet growing global demand of its
produce.

But Opposition Agriculture spokesperson David Ridgway called it a "miserable,
short-sighted budget".

Mainstream media coverage of the budget last week made little mention of the
cuts to SA's highest economic contributor agriculture, food and wine.

"The sad truth is that what we produce and the contribution we make to the
economy is misunderstood or ignored by many people in metropolitan Adelaide, and
certainly in State Cabinet," he said.

Since 2010-11, PIRSA's total expenses have been reduced by $79.3m and SARDI's
budget by nearly $7m.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                                 June 12, 2013

BYLINE: MALCOLM SUTTON

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 760  words


BLOOD will continue to flow from South Australian agriculture spending with
further cuts outlined in the 2013-14 State Budget released on Thursday last
week.

State Government spending on PIRSA will be reduced from an estimated $88.7
million in 2012-13 to $77.1m in 2013-14, and 45 jobs will be shed across the
department, with its total net cost of services to fall from $97.6m to $79.7m.

It follows a $15.02m spending reduction in last year's budget.

The agriculture, food and wine industry's net cost will be reduced from an
estimated $10.5m to $8.79m - less than half its $17.3m budget of 2010-11 - and
full-time staff reduced from 57 to 42.

This is despite the department's expenses and income increasing by $13.8m to
$14.4m, and $3.3m to $5.6m respectively.

Spending has increased because of a $1m fund ($2.6m across four years) to
establish premium food and wine industry 'clusters' in regional areas, starting
in the Murraylands/Riverland and Limestone Coast regions.

It has included $0.6m ($2.5m across four years) to promote premium food and wine
to key provincial markets in China.

Budget savings have offset the increases, with department expenses cut to save
$1.5m, and shuffling taking place between the departments to reallocate $0.5m
from agriculture, food and wine to bolster SARDI.

But after having its budget slashed by $2.7m in 2011-12 and $1m in 2012-13,
SARDI had its net costs reduced from $33.5m to $29.3m in 2013-14 - a larger cut
than the past two years combined.

Biosecurity net costs will be reduced by $4.1m despite $0.3m ($1m across four
years) allocated to a new fruitfly mitigation program to increase surveillance,
border controls, monitoring and public education.

Reductions included $1m in efficiencies to meet budget savings, as well as $0.7m
for program efficiencies in the supply of sterile Mediterranean fruitfly, the
$1.8m finalisation of the National Feral Camel Action Plan in the Far North, and
the $1.1m finalisation of the Branched Broomrape Eradication program.

Rural Services too had its net costs reduced from $4.6m to $1.6m, having lost
$1.8m in what the government calls "workforce adjustments and rationalisation of
services".

Primary Producers South Australia chairman Rob Kerin says PIRSA is facing death
by a thousand cuts.

"The government just doesn't get it," he said.

"I just think they sit back and think, these are private businesses, why, are we
giving them money?

"What they don't seem to get is that there's a range of things that PIRSA does,
such as biosecurity and R&D, that you couldn't count on any individual business
to do.

"It's gotta be done collectively and we pay government taxes to do these
things."

Mr Kerin welcomed what the Treasurer called 'seven pillars of priorities' in the
State Budget, under which the fruitfly, industry clusters and marketing to China
were flagged, as well as $4.1m across four years to establish a high-value food
manufacturing centre.

"It's not a lot of money but it's better than nothing I suppose," Mr Kerin said.

"But SARDI's really getting down to only just having enough money to function.

"And across PIRSA, it's not as if they've gone and closed down a heap of
processes, it's just that there's less and less people to do them, because the
telling figure is by the end of 2013-14 there will be only 916 employees."

State Agriculture Minister Gail Gago said all areas of government were expected
to play their part in achieving budget outcomes.

PIRSA'S programs and services focussed on supporting industry directly,
eliminating duplication and overlap, and pursued cost recovery of activities
where there was a "clear private benefit".

"Targeted initatives such as those announced in the budget play to our strengths
and the opportunities we have, and are a vote of confidence in the future of the
industry," Ms Gago said.

The strategic priority to produce premium food and wine would take advantage of
a "considerable opportunity" for SA to meet growing global demand of its
produce.

But Opposition Agriculture spokesperson David Ridgway called it a "miserable,
short-sighted budget".

Mainstream media coverage of the budget last week made little mention of the
cuts to SA's highest economic contributor - agriculture, food and wine.

"The sad truth is that what we produce and the contribution we make to the
economy is misunderstood or ignored by many people in metropolitan Adelaide, and
certainly in State Cabinet," he said.

Since 2010-11, PIRSA's total expenses have been reduced by $79.3m and SARDI's
budget by nearly $7m.

*Full report in Stock Journal, June 13 issue, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: February 04, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            February 28, 2011 Monday

The gaps in the speech

BYLINE: Sumant Sinha

LENGTH: 911  words


The finance minister rose to present the budget against a backdrop of "a deficit
in governance and lack of public accountability". He also added that there were
structural supply-side constraints that were holding back growth in agriculture
and which needed to be addressed if the country was to get back on to a more
sustainable growth path. In addition, the major macroeconomic issues facing the
country have been high inflation, particularly in food, and now high interest
rates.

However, the budget he presented did nothing to fundamentally address these
issues. At a macro level, GDP is expected to grow by 9 per cent next year after
8.4 per cent this year, but it is not entirely clear where that will come from;
agriculture has already benefited from a good monsoon and the base effect this
year. Industrial growth and services will really have to ramp up, against a
backdrop of mounting inflationary expectations and increasingly high interest
rates. While the savings rate may support this assumption, whether we can
maintain our capital productivity in light of the heightened friction in the
economy is highly questionable.

Distressingly, the fiscal numbers achieved for the current year, despite the 3G
auction revenue are 5.1 per cent. Take out the auction benefits and it is clear
that the target would have been underachieved. In addition, the target for the
next financial year is 4.6 per cent, leaving a net borrowing target of Rs
3,43,000 crore, or roughly $85 billion. While this is less than last year, given
the already constrained liquidity in the system on the back of RBI monetary
actions to curb inflation, this could be a challenge and will definitely lead to
the crowding out of private-sector resources. The finance minister has sought to
address this issue by encouraging the flow of foreign funds into the corporate
debt market by increasing the limit from $5 billion to $25 billion. The finance
minister has also sought to encourage the flow of foreign institutional money
into mutual funds. But other than this, and raising the limit for the issuance
of tax-free bonds, there is little for infrastructure as a sector. Housing,
power, roads, communication, urban infrastructure do not find any real
incentives.

The finance minister spent considerable time on the introduction of the Direct
Tax Code (DTC) and the Goods and Services Tax (GST) and a host of other
financial legislations. While all this is critically important for industry and
the country as a whole, it did not really add anything new to the debate about
what can be done to structurally reduce inflation and interest rates. On the
direct tax front, the marginal increase in the exemption limit will add a small
amount to the taxpayers' pocket but there were no other real goodies. At the
aggregate level, the finance minister decreased direct tax revenues by Rs 11,000
crore while increasing indirect taxes by Rs 7,000 crore and widened the service
tax net to garner another Rs 4,000 crore. Net net, therefore, there is no real
accretion to the government on account of tax receipts. The FM has budgeted a
divestment target of Rs 40,000 crore against last year's achievement of Rs
22,000 crore. This looks ambitious, given the current state of the capital
markets and given that we have seen net FII outflows since January. Remember we
only achieved Rs 22,000 crore when we had FII inflows to the tune of $29
billion.

From a capital markets standpoint, again the good news was that there was no bad
news. Given the political scenario, markets had been sensitised to expect a
sharp rise in welfare spending and a higher deficit and borrowing number. When
that did not materialise, markets reacted with a brief relief rally.

Unfortunately, on the micro-reforms front, which is ultimately what contributes
to the macro numbers, there were no helpful steps. On control of inflation, the
finance minister did speak about mega food parks and encouraging some
supply-chain activities such as increasing storage of foodgrains but left out an
overhaul of the Agriculture Produce Marketing Act or steps in that regard, as it
is a state subject. The likely mention of openness to foreign capital in the
sector was left out. In fact, FDI did not find mention really anywhere in the
budget - whether in the area of insurance, retail, defence, media or education.
Presumably, the finance minister believes that foreign portfolio flows are more
suitable or less politically contentious than longer-term funds.

The area that disappointed was the social sector. There is a 17 per cent
increase in allocations to all welfare schemes but given that nominal GDP growth
is at the same level, there is no real increase in allocations. While education
received an increase of 24 per cent, healthcare got an increase of 17 per cent.

In all of this, the finance minister stayed true to his conservative image.
There was nothing path-breaking in this budget - no visionary or bold strokes
with which to excite, and certainly nothing specific to deal with the big issues
of the day - most importantly inflation, which will gnaw away at the vitals of
our growth aspirations. It is also not entirely clear how the finance minister
will stay true to the 4.6 per cent fiscal deficit target given the overshoot of
last year, in which the 20 per cent increase in nominal GDP worked so much in
his favour. An invocation to Indra certainly will not do the trick.

The writer is chairman of SaVant Advisers, Mumbai

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                August 03, 2015

Entrepreneurs and Philosopher-Kings for Africapitalism [opinion]

BYLINE: Jibrin Ibrahim

LENGTH: 1319 words


I spent last week in Calabar discussing principles of "Africapitalism" with a
group of economists, entrepreneurs and social scientists convened by a
capitalist called Tony Elumelu. Initially I wanted to decline the invitation
because of the damage associating with capitalists could do to my street
credibility. I have spent a good deal of my life castigating the evils of
capitalism and have no intention of stopping so associating with Tony Elumelu's
staff, friends and ideologues was not something I could jump on without caution.
When I heard that some of my own type of people such as Professors Patrick
Wilmot, Olu Ajakaiye, Moses Ochonu and Christiana Okojie would also be there, I
decided it was worthwhile attending to give them a fight for their money.

Tony Olumelu and I did not read the same type of literature on the definition of
capitalism. The literature I read taught me that capitalism is a mode of
production in which the means of production such as factories and other
facilities, machines, and raw materials are owned by a small group of people
known as the capitalists or bourgeoisie who get the majority - the workers or
the proletariat to work for them. According to Karl Marx, the economic interest
of the capitalist is to pay the worker as little as possible, in fact just
enough to keep him alive and productive. The workers, in turn, come to
understand that their economic interest lies in preventing the capitalist from
exploiting them in this way hence the permanent antagonism that would lead
eventually to the victory of ... okay, lets not get into that. The key issue
however is that capitalism is all about exploitation of the worker and
stupendous wealth of the small capitalist class. I still believe that the huge
income inequality in today's capitalist society is as bad, in fact worse than in
the times of Marx. As I have no current alternative to capitalism, I felt, why
not, I could still go to Calabar, the cleanest Nigerian city and listen to
Elumelu's ideas.

For Tony Elumelu, Africapitalism is an economic philosophy he personally
developed predicated on the belief that Africa's private sector can and must
play a leading role in the continent's development. His staffers explained to us
that its key principles are the development of entrepreneurship to unlock the
power of individuals to create and grow their business ideas into successful
companies. Engaging in long-term investments targeted to deploy forms of
"patient" capital that creates greater and broader economic value as opposed to
merely the extraction of resources. The targeting of strategic sectors for
investment, such as agriculture, power, healthcare, and finance, so as to create
a broader economic and social value. In other words, he supports a form of
capitalism that is less rapacious and more focused on promoting broad based
capitalist development that would provide inclusive opportunities for the
greatest number. I do not really have a quarrel with that.

His notion of Africapitalism is strongly anchored on the development of
entrepreneurship targeted at young Africans. He is putting his money where his
mouth is by offering to spend $100 million over the next ten years providing
seed capital to 10,000 young Africans so that they are empowered to be rich
capitalists and provide jobs for others. As he puts it; "it will enable our
young people to create their own jobs, become employers, and take charge of
their futures, instead of letting the future happen to them."

The arena of struggle at the retreat was on the role of the State in today's
Africa. The market fundamentalists argued that the role of the State should be
limited to creating enabling environment for business to flourish. They were
hard-core believers in the dictum that the State has no business in business.
Our side of the divide contested this perspective. The State, we argued is an
expression of the popular sovereignty of the people, all the people. It
therefore has a broad role in directing society and its resources towards
promoting the welfare and security of all. The government as an agent of the
State must therefore mould institutions to serve the common good, which business
as a community never thinks about until external pressure forces them to. The
market is driven by the profit motive alone and although it could drive
development through adding value to the production system, it also produces
misery and huge distortions in terms of ownership of resources. The State has a
role therefore of constraining capitalists and their profit motive to improve
equity in the system, including ensuring that workers are paid a decent wage.

We also questioned the limited understanding of the history of capitalism by the
market fundamentalists. It is not true, we argued, that capitalist entrepreneurs
simply use their capacity for innovation to devise novel means of value
production. Innovation needs fundamental research in science and technology as a
source of what is possible, and while capitalists fund applied research, it is
the State that provides the resources and institutional mechanism for
fundamental research. The State also through its basic function of taxation
captures huge flows of financial resources, which it uses for the production of
public goods but also for directing resources to capitalist organisations to
boost their investments and production. Much of the American capitalist
structure and process is for example largely dependent on the
military-industrial complex, which is dependent on State funding and support.

The reality of capitalism is that the capitalists look for the biggest profit
and if it comes from governmental corruption, that's where they will be rather
than in agriculture and other productive strategic sectors. Immanuel Wallenstein
reminds us that the bourgeoisie has no developmentalist mission and more often
than not, they avoid strategic sectors such as agriculture, industry and
transportation. It is for this reason that the key to the development of
capitalism is not, as is often thought, in the hands of the capitalist but in
those of the State.

The construction and modernisation of the State has led it to capture financial
flows which, in successful capitalist states are then directed to the strategic
sectors. To transform the nascent market economy into capitalist development,
specific forms of accumulation must be groomed and directed by the State.
Capitalism has been slow to develop in Africa because the business class is
allowed to make money through corrupt deals rather than productive investment.
It is important to recall Max Weber's analysis of prebendalism in China where he
shows that for a long time, "booty capitalism" blocked the development rational
entrepreneurial capitalism, which in the Occident found its specific locus in
industry. Capitalist development requires the transformation of what Marx called
primitive accumulation of capital through rents to capitalist accumulation,
which takes place in the productive system through economic means. The problem
in contemporary Africa has been that the appropriation of rent was not leading
to the enhancement of capitalist production; it was producing a patrimonial
state in which access to State resources was more important than production. One
African capitalist has shown the way forward; Aliko Dangote is showing today
that vast accumulation is possible, and indeed very profitable in capitalist
production itself. I do hope Elumelu's entrepreneurs would be looking at that
path and the state would play its own role, such as ensuring producers actually
have access to credit rather than just traders and speculators. Meanwhile, if
Tony Elumelu himself would add Karl Marx to his already impressive reading list,
we can have more to talk about as he progresses in his determination to produce
entrepreneurs for the strategic and productive sectors of the economy.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

Budget 2016: Tenant farmers to be recognised as genuine cultivators as part of
PM Modi's push to end rural woes

BYLINE: Deepshikha Sikarwar

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 742 words


NEW DELHI: Millions of India's tenant farmers are set to be recognised as
genuine cultivators as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's push to alleviate
rural distress through a mix of reforms and a focus on groundlevel delivery.

The package will include a rural credit drive and innovative financing through a
dedicated fund within the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(Nabard) to build irrigation facilities, senior officials said.

An e-platform for trading animal germplasm, development of high-yielding
varieties for the dairy sector, animal wellness and tagging of livestock are
other ideas that are being discussed.

"We are working on a package that will build on the steps already taken to boost
the rural economy," a government official told ET, adding that this segment will
get the lion's share of attention in the upcoming budget.

Two successive bad monsoon seasons have created severe stress in India's
villages. Farm sector output contracted 0.2% in FY15 and grew only 2% in the
first half of FY16.

Over 60% of Indians depend on agriculture for livelihood. Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley is set to announce a model legislation for changes to tenancy of
agricultural land in the budget. This will recognise tenant farmers and land
owners as cultivators, ensuring that the first group gets institutional credit
besides insurance and other benefits that are available.

The idea is to lift investment in the farm sector. The law will also provide for
digital registration of tenancy agreements between the land owners and farmers.
While tenancy is officially pegged at just 4%, this is a vast underestimate.
More than 25% of farming in India is through tenants who bear all the risks for
meagre rewards and little access to government benefits. More than 90% of the
farmer suicides cases in the country were of those who were tenants, according
to data available with government. Tenancy is allowed in some states and banned
in others. But that hasn't stopped it from rising, keeping long-term investment
in the farm sector low. Tenancies are kept informal as owners fear that anything
official will make evictions difficult after a few years.

"Recognition of tenants and owners will remove the fear in minds of owners,"
said one of the officials cited above. "It would allow tenants to access
institutional support." The model law will have to be adopted by state
governments and complemented with digital registration facilities. A Niti Aayog
panel is expected to issue its report on the matter next month.

Capital will flow into agriculture once it becomes remunerative, experts said.
"I hope it does not meet the same fate as APMC (Agricultural Produce Market
Committee), which we are still trying to implement," said leading agriculture
economist Ashok Gulati. "To meet the objective of investment in agriculture, all
you need is" for it to become remunerative.

NABARD BOOST

The government is also looking at creating a dedicated fund in Nabard through
the issuance of taxfree bonds to meet the large funding requirement for
irrigation infrastructure. This will ensure that funding of more than Rs 30,000
crore can be generated within a year without stressing the budget.

The budget is also expected to boost farm credit, especially to small and
marginal farmers who are most vulnerable to rural stress. As much as Rs 50,000
crore may be directed at this category along with efforts to computerise primary
agricultural cooperative societies.

"The government is keen to build on and marry its earlier initiatives to ensure
delivery," another official said. The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana and the
RuPay Card, both elements of the government's financial inclusion efforts, will
be used to provide credit in the rural hinterland, he said.

ET view: Step up investment in farming

The government's intent is laudable. A significant part of the credit flow is
cornered by assetowing farmers due to leakages and also because of the
ineligibility of tenant farmers for bank loans. These farmers are forced to rely
on money lenders. This must change. The sector need long-term credit for
investment and productivity. The government should step up investment to build
efficient irrigation systems, accelerate the farm-to-fork retail supply chains
and incentivise states to exempt perishables from the APMC Act. Acting on farms
and on infrastructure are a must to reduce agrarian distress and to lift growth.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

Budget 2016: Tenant farmers to be recognised as genuine cultivators as part of
PM Modi's push to end rural woes

BYLINE: Deepshikha Sikarwar

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 742 words


NEW DELHI: Millions of India's tenant farmers are set to be recognised as
genuine cultivators as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's push to alleviate
rural distress through a mix of reforms and a focus on groundlevel delivery.

The package will include a rural credit drive and innovative financing through a
dedicated fund within the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(Nabard) to build irrigation facilities, senior officials said.

An e-platform for trading animal germplasm, development of high-yielding
varieties for the dairy sector, animal wellness and tagging of livestock are
other ideas that are being discussed.

"We are working on a package that will build on the steps already taken to boost
the rural economy," a government official told ET, adding that this segment will
get the lion's share of attention in the upcoming budget.

Two successive bad monsoon seasons have created severe stress in India's
villages. Farm sector output contracted 0.2% in FY15 and grew only 2% in the
first half of FY16.

Over 60% of Indians depend on agriculture for livelihood. Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley is set to announce a model legislation for changes to tenancy of
agricultural land in the budget. This will recognise tenant farmers and land
owners as cultivators, ensuring that the first group gets institutional credit
besides insurance and other benefits that are available.

The idea is to lift investment in the farm sector. The law will also provide for
digital registration of tenancy agreements between the land owners and farmers.
While tenancy is officially pegged at just 4%, this is a vast underestimate.
More than 25% of farming in India is through tenants who bear all the risks for
meagre rewards and little access to government benefits. More than 90% of the
farmer suicides cases in the country were of those who were tenants, according
to data available with government. Tenancy is allowed in some states and banned
in others. But that hasn't stopped it from rising, keeping long-term investment
in the farm sector low. Tenancies are kept informal as owners fear that anything
official will make evictions difficult after a few years.

"Recognition of tenants and owners will remove the fear in minds of owners,"
said one of the officials cited above. "It would allow tenants to access
institutional support." The model law will have to be adopted by state
governments and complemented with digital registration facilities. A Niti Aayog
panel is expected to issue its report on the matter next month.

Capital will flow into agriculture once it becomes remunerative, experts said.
"I hope it does not meet the same fate as APMC (Agricultural Produce Market
Committee), which we are still trying to implement," said leading agriculture
economist Ashok Gulati. "To meet the objective of investment in agriculture, all
you need is" for it to become remunerative.

NABARD BOOST

The government is also looking at creating a dedicated fund in Nabard through
the issuance of taxfree bonds to meet the large funding requirement for
irrigation infrastructure. This will ensure that funding of more than Rs 30,000
crore can be generated within a year without stressing the budget.

The budget is also expected to boost farm credit, especially to small and
marginal farmers who are most vulnerable to rural stress. As much as Rs 50,000
crore may be directed at this category along with efforts to computerise primary
agricultural cooperative societies.

"The government is keen to build on and marry its earlier initiatives to ensure
delivery," another official said. The Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana and the
RuPay Card, both elements of the government's financial inclusion efforts, will
be used to provide credit in the rural hinterland, he said.

ET view: Step up investment in farming

The government's intent is laudable. A significant part of the credit flow is
cornered by assetowing farmers due to leakages and also because of the
ineligibility of tenant farmers for bank loans. These farmers are forced to rely
on money lenders. This must change. The sector need long-term credit for
investment and productivity. The government should step up investment to build
efficient irrigation systems, accelerate the farm-to-fork retail supply chains
and incentivise states to exempt perishables from the APMC Act. Acting on farms
and on infrastructure are a must to reduce agrarian distress and to lift growth.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                            March 3, 1999, Wednesday

NACF Head Being Probed for Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 313 words


   The prosecution is investigating the former head of the National Agricultural
Cooperatives Federation (NACF) who is suspected of receiving a huge amount of
bribe money in exchange for extending loans to troubled firms. Prosecutors are
questioning Won Churll-hee in an effort to find evidence supporting allegations
that he took bribes and ran stash funds, some of which were funneled to
lawmakers and politicians to fund their elections.

Won resigned Sunday night after a state audit of the NACF discovered the
federation had made improper loans to units of such troubled business groups as
Hanbo and Kia and had committed other irregularities.

The Seoul District Prosecutor's Office (SDPO) launched a probe into the flow of
money into the savings account of one of Won's aides, identified only as Lee,
who is president of a distribution firm affiliated with the NACF, and his wife.

Sources said the prosecution received a letter revealing that Lee allegedly
received bribes from buyers of NACF-operated chain stores.

The SDPO probed Won last December based on a similar letter from a NACF employee
claiming that Lee was involved in a bribes-for-favor scandal. But, the office
failed to find any evidence of criminal activity.

Prosecutors plan to search the NACF head office and Won's savings accounts to
prove Won's suspected involvement in the reported bribery scheme.

Prosecutors have also launched a probe into government officials at the Ministry
of Agriculture and Forestry who overlooked NACF's irregularities and Won's
scandal.

Some government officials are suspected of being bribed by the NACF and its to
executives.

In addition to the NACF, prosecutors have reportedly kicked off an investigation
into three other cooperatives, including the National Federation of Fisheries
Cooperatives and the National Livestock Cooperatives Federation.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 1999 Hankook Ilbo


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 14, 1988, Monday, Final Edition

Watering the West

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A14

LENGTH: 594 words


IN THE 17 western states, about 10 million acres of favored land are irrigated
in whole or part with federal water. These reclaimed acres make up an area about
half again the size of Maryland and are a tenth of all U.S. farmland. The
irrigation itself is a cost, but that is compounded by the fact that part of the
water is used to grow surplus subsidized crops. We the people pay for the water,
then pay again for part of the grain and cotton it yields because otherwise
there would be too weak a market for them. A man from Mars to whom you tried to
explain the system might not understand.

In 1986, according to a new report to Rep. George Miller, chairman of the
relevant House subcommittee, the net cost to the Interior Department's Bureau of
Reclamation of supplying western farmers with irrigation water was more than
half a billion dollars. That subsidy was the difference between the cut rates
most farmers pay and what the water cost to produce. The production cost is not
for the water itself, which flows from nature, but the amortized cost of the
dams to impound the precious stuff and pumps and aqueducts to deliver it.

The report says, in response to questions put to the department by Mr. Miller a
year ago, that about two-fifths of the water went to produce surplus crops whose
price the government supports. Though no one knows exactly, the Agriculture
Department has estimated the cost of the price and income supports on these
irrigated crops in 1986 at about $ 730 million.

Some of the double dipper-ful of government money, first for the water, then the
crops, doubtless went to smallish farmers who were hard-pressed, the kind in
whose name the reclamation program has always been wrapped. But a lot of it --
once again, no one knows exactly -- also went to very large producers who are
anything but needy. That is, of course, the trouble with all agricultural
subsidies, and it is magnified with these.

The administration is itself ambivalent about the system. It moved last year to
keep future players out. When an irrigation project is proposed, the bureau must
do a cost-benefit study of it. The administration said that for future projects
it would not count among the benefits that part of the likely income stream that
could be attributed to crop support payments. With the estimated benefits thus
reduced, fewer projects could be justified. But westerners in Congress blocked
this good idea. In the fine print of last December's continuing resolution is an
order to the administration to keep calculating the benefits the old-fashioned
way.

And in a covering letter to Rep. Miller, the Interior Department also reverted
to an older line. "It is important to comment on some of the connotations the
term 'subsidy' carries with it," the department said. "Many people think of
'subsidy' as money going from the pockets of the taxpayers to the pockets of a
few individuals." Heaven forfend: "That is not the case with irrigated
agriculture. The irrigation subsidy reported here is responsible for much of the
current character of the Western United States."

That's partly true, of course. The subsidies helped to develop the region as
well as to enrich some individuals. But that begs the question; no one wants to
abolish the western water system. The policy issue is whether to reduce or
somehow cap the subsidies, meaning raise the price of water. All that would do
is save the government money, make the system fairer and encourage users to
conserve a vital resource they now waste. Whatever could be wrong with that?

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 23, 1991 Wednesday

Treaty will allow trade to flow freely

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 643 words

DATELINE: Luxembourg LUXEMBOURG


Reuters News Agency
  LUXEMBOURG
 Here are some key points of the treaty on a European Economic Area
linking the European Community and the European Free Trade Association in
the world's biggest common market:
   Trade in goods: Products originating in any of the 19 EC and EFTA
countries will flow freely throughout the EEA from 1993, avoiding customs
duties, discriminatory domestic taxes and quotas, and with easier border
controls. Goods can be stopped on the grounds of security, safety and
health.

Special arrangements have been made for agricultural and fishery
products, energy and coal and steel.

Movement of workers and services: From 1993, individuals should be able
to live, work and offer services throughout the bloc.

Toward this end, the EFTA will bring its social security legislation in
line with that in the EC. Professional diplomas awarded in one country
will be recognized throughout the area.

Switzerland, which has strict limits on immigration, has received an
extra five years to implement the rules fully.

Capital movements and services: The banking, insurance and securities
industries will be liberalized. Telecommunications, information and
transport services also will be freed up. But there are restrictions on
real estate purchases and direct investment in the EFTA countries.

Competition policy and company law: EFTA countries will take on board
the EC's competition rules, including those on antitrust matters, the
abuse of a dominant position, public procurement, mergers and state aid.
The EFTA will set up a special surveillance body to ensure that companies
on its territory abide by the EC rules.

The EFTA also will take on board EC rules on company law, consumer
protection, education, the environment, research and development, and
social policy.

Trade in farm produce: EFTA members can keep their own domestic farm
policies, rather than joining the EC's Common Agricultural Policy. Both
sides will work toward a "progressive liberalization" of agricultural
trade, bearing in mind any decisions on agriculture in the Uruguay Round
of talks under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

Trade in fisheries: Under a last-minute deal, Norway and Iceland will
enjoy duty-free access to EC markets from 1993 for some fish species like
cod and haddock and from 1997 for others. Norway did not manage to secure
better access for more sensitive stocks such as salmon, herring, mackerel
and prawns.

Under the accord, Spanish and Portuguese boats will be able to fish up
to 11,000 tonnes of cod in Norwegian waters by 1997, a deal opposed by the
Norwegian fishing industry. The accord represents only one-third of what
Spain originally sought.

Alpine truck transit: Austria has agreed to cut truck emissions by 60
per cent over 12 years and Switzerland to switch the bulk of its goods
transport to railways. A host of other EC transport legislation would
apply to EFTA countries, including EC rules opening the air transport
sector to increased competition.

Institutional arrangements: The common market will be managed by a
special EEA Council of Ministers, which will meet at least once every six
months, and on a day-to-day basis by a joint committee comprising civil
servants from the European Commission and the EFTA countries.

The two sides will also set up an independent joint court, linked to
the EC's European Court of Justice in Luxembourg, that will deal with EEA-
related disputes and all appeals on competition policy. Each EFTA state
will nominate one judge. Plenary sessions will include five judges from
the EC and three from the EFTA.

Money: the EFTA agreed to pay 1.5 billion European currency units ($2-
billion) in soft loans, at a 3-per-cent interest rate and with a two-year
period of grace, and 500 million Ecus in grants into a fund to help poorer
EC members such as Greece, Portugal and Spain. The money must be used for
environmental and educational projects.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Govt to fast-track irrigation projects in Indus river basin

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 24 -- In an attempt to turn the heat on Islamabad in the light
of the Uri terror attack, the Modi Government is planning to fast-track four
projects in the Indus river basin to increase the irrigation area in Jammu &
Kashmir by nearly 2.05 lakh acres, which, in effect, would entail using more
waters from the Western rivers - Indus, Chenab and Jhelum-controlled by
Pakistan.

Of the four projects that the Government plans to fast-track, Tral Irrigation
Project in Pulwama, Prakachik Khows Canal in Kargil and restoration and
modernisation of main Ravi Canal in Jammu's Sambha and Kathua, are expected to
be completed by this fiscal. The fourth project of Rajpora Lift Irrigation is
planned to be completed by December 2019.

The first three projects will help irrigate around 1.45 lakh acres. The Rajpora
Lift Irrigation is expected to help irrigate around 59,305 acres.

Technically India can irrigate up to 13 lakh acres in Jammu & Kashmir. This
target, they said, can be achieved when optimum storage capacity is achieved in
the State. The four works are expected to cost Rs117 crore for which money will
be raised by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD).

"Until now, as per the J&K records, seven lakh acres is irrigated in the State.
This is a very small number. So, the Government is trying to complete work on
these projects to increase the size of total irrigated area in the State,"
sources said.

"The projects are being developed well within rights of India and in no way will
affect flow of water to Pakistan," they said. Sources insisted that the projects
were part of Government's efforts to irrigate larger swathes across the country
by completing small/medium 99 irrigation projects under ambitious Pradhan Mantri
Krishi Sinchayee Yojana (PMKYS) and Accelerated Irrigation Benefits Programme
(AIBP) and have nothing to do with the Uri incident and aggression along LoC.

They said despite militancy in J&K, projects would be completed in time.

Post-Uri attack that left 19 soldiers dead, India has been reviewing the Indus
Water Treaty (IWT) to explore possible ways to "exploit to the maximum" its
share of water of rivers flowing into Pakistan.

"Blood and water cannot flow simultaneously," Prime Minister Narendra Modi had
said after the Pakistan-sponsored terrorist strikes as he chaired a review
meeting on September 27 of the 56-year-old IWT. During the meeting, it was
decided that India will "exploit to the maximum" the waters of the
Pakistan-controlled Western rivers as per the water-sharing pact.

With Pakistan unrelenting in backing terror outfits, the Government has declared
its intention of isolating Islamabad globally and has since used the UN General
Assembly and BRICS forums in this regard. Additionally, New Delhi seeks to make
Islamabad feel the heat by taking concrete steps to re-boot the IWT in favour of
Indian riparian interest. India also suspended the meeting of Indus Water
Commissioners from the two countries who used to meet about twice every year.

Soon after the terror attack, Government decided to set up an inter-ministerial
task forces to go into the details and working of the Treaty with a "sense of
urgency" apart from agreeing to review the "unilateral suspension" of 1987
Tulbul navigation project in 2007 by India.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

It never trickles down

LENGTH: 1321  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 26 -- Central to the "reforms" introduced in 1991 was not a
"retreat of the state" in favour of the "market" as is commonly supposed, but a
change in the nature of the state. This change was not necessarily a conscious
decision; it was more a "spontaneous" outcome of the introduction of the
"reforms" themselves.


 Since the "reforms" entailed the opening of the economy to freer cross-border
flows of goods and capital, including of finance which is highly mobile and
whose sudden outflow can precipitate a financial crisis, the state under a
"reform regime" necessarily has to ensure that the "confidence" of the
international financiers in the economy remains intact. State policy therefore
must always be to their liking.
 This means that instead of a state that apparently stands above all classes
even while promoting capitalist development, and that protects traditional petty
producers, including the peasantry and the workers, against encroachments by
capital, despite being a bourgeois state, as was the case earlier, the "reform
regime" creates a state that becomes exclusively concerned with the interests of
globalised capital, and the domestic corporate-financial oligarchy aligned with
it.
 A fallout of this is the withdrawal of support by the state from traditional
petty production, and hence the unleashing of a crisis in this sector, including
in peasant agriculture. The increase in the prices of agricultural inputs
because of reduced subsidies (as the government, to placate finance capital, has
to keep down the fiscal deficit while not raising taxes on the rich); the
withdrawal of government price support for several crops by ending the
market-intervention role of the Commodity Boards; allowing even nationalised
banks to renege on providing agricultural credit, so that the peasantry is
forced to rely increasingly on a new class of private moneylenders charging
exorbitantly high interest rates; the winding up of public extension services;
the removal of the insulation from world market price fluctuations that had been
provided earlier to the agrarian economy through tariffs and quantitative
restrictions; the cuts in public investment in agriculture and irrigation; the
running down of agricultural research and development in public institutions;
the permission to agribusiness to enter the countryside for a direct, unmediated
and unregulated relationship with the peasantry; and the retreat of the
government from providing essential services like quality education and health
care are some of the obvious ways in which state support has been withdrawn from
this sector.
 This has adversely affected the income flow of the peasantry, impaired the
profitability of peasant agriculture, reduced its rate of growth, and brought
acute distress to the countryside. For large sections of the peasantry, even
simple reproduction of their economy has become impossible, causing a spate of
peasant suicides. What is true of peasants is also true of traditional petty
producers in general: fishermen, artisans, craftsmen, weavers and others. A
simple calculation some years ago showed that if the statutory minimum daily
wage was imputed to Kerala's traditional fishermen, then their entire economy
would be in deficit.
 The income squeeze on the peasants has been accompanied by a taking over of
their land for "infrastructure" and "industrial" projects, often at throwaway
prices and against their wishes. When consent has been obtained, not everyone
dependent on the land has been consulted. "Primitive accumulation of capital",
to use Karl Marx's phrase, is rampant not only in "flow" terms (income squeeze)
but also in "stock" terms (asset dispossession). The latter is set to gather
further momentum with the "Smart City" project of this government.
 All this need not make one shed tears if the peasants and petty producers, who
are either dispossessed or unable to cope with the income squeeze and therefore
migrate to cities, could find proper employment there. But the scale of job
creation has been minuscule despite high GDP growth.
 Joblessness does not announce itself as such. The employment rationing it
entails takes diverse forms: casual employment, intermittent employment,
part-time employment, and disguised unemployment (camouflaged often as "petty
entrepreneurship"). These give a misleading picture of the unemployment
scenario. But if we take what the National Sample Survey calls "usual status
employment", then between 2004-05 and 2009-10, a period of high GDP growth, such
employment grew at 0.8 per cent per annum. This was below the natural rate of
growth of the workforce itself, even if we ignore the job-seeking displaced
peasants.
 This has led to a proliferation of precarious and insecure employment, a
burgeoning lumpenproletariat, an immense weakening of the bargaining position
even of the unionised workers, and hence to a compression of the per capita real
income of the "working people" as a whole, consisting of agricultural labourers,
traditional petty producers, and non-white-collar workers.
 A simple statistic confirms this. The percentage of the rural population with
food intake below 2,200 calories per person per day (the benchmark for defining
rural poverty) was 58.5 in 1993-94; it increased to 68 in 2011-12. Likewise the
percentage of the urban population below 2,100 calories per person per day (the
benchmark for defining urban poverty) was 57 in 1993-94; it increased to 65 in
2011-12.
 It is often claimed that growing calorie deprivation does not indicate
worsening economic status, since it could arise for other reasons, such as
changing tastes, greater health consciousness, reduced physical work effort, or
greater emphasis on children's education and health care. But if reduced calorie
intake occurred for these reasons even when real incomes of the working people
were (for argument's sake) rising, then it would be difficult to explain an
increase in calorie intake when real incomes were also rising, such as between
2009-10 (a poor crop year) and 2011-12 (a good crop year).
 Indeed, one invariably finds a positive association between the two variables.
The more reasonable explanation for declining calorie intake therefore is a
decline in real income of the working people - that is, money income deflated by
a price index that takes into account the effect of privatisation of essential
services (which the usual price indices do not).
 What the "reforms" have brought therefore is a process of "primitive
accumulation of capital" without the creation of adequate employment
opportunities to absorb those who are displaced by it. This has caused a
worsening of the conditions of the "working people" as a whole.
 There is, however, another side to "reforms": the growth of the financial
sector, or what is called "financialisation"; and the location domestically of
certain service-sector activities outsourced from developed countries owing to
the comparatively lower wages prevalent here. These have benefited an emerging
middle class, not so much through an expansion in its relative numbers as
through an increase in its relative incomes. This class has emerged as a votary
of the "development" paradigm of the "reform regime" and thrown its weight
behind the corporate-financial oligarchy whose share of wealth and income has
increased phenomenally under this regime.
 But the world capitalist crisis, which is nowhere near ending, is likely to
bring disappointment to the middle class. This class will then provide support
for an alternative development strategy which would be in the interests of the
working people and transcend "neo-liberal" capitalism, though attempts to
prevent such a denouement through the formation of a corporate-"communal"
alliance that seeks to divide the people will also gather momentum.
 Prabhat Patnaik is Professor Emeritus, Centre for Economic Studies and
Planning, JNU, New Delhi.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            March 31, 2010 Wednesday

Haiti promised billions of dollars in aid

BYLINE: Rory Carrollguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 461 words

ABSTRACT

EU and US humanitarian groups likely to pledge more than $2.7bn at international
donor conference

FULL TEXT

Donors will today pledge billions of dollars for aid to Haiti, with the emphasis
on working through Haitian state institutions rather than aid agencies.

About 120 countries and international organisations will meet at the United
Nations in New York to agree a recovery plan following the January earthquake
which devastated the capital Port-au-Prince, killing more than 200,000 people
and leaving 1 million homeless.

Haiti's president, René Préval, will request $4bn (£2.6bn) over three years,
including $1.3bn for humanitarian relief over the next 18 months. The recovery
plan includes decentralisation and building up anaemic agriculture.

The total quake damage to the Caribbean nation, the western hemisphere's
poorest, is estimated to range from $8bn to $14bn.

The European Union and a coalition of US-based humanitarian groups have
signalled pledges of more than $2.7bn for relief and reconstruction efforts.
President Barack Obama has asked the US congress for $2.8bn. The US effort will
focus on agriculture, energy, health, security and justice.

Donors said the bulk of funds would be funnelled through the Haitian state -
known in aid jargon as capacity building - rather than the myriad aid agencies
and non-governmental organisations which operate in Port-au-Prince.

Pre-quake aid traditionally skirted Haiti's state because of corruption and
inefficiency but that stunted the government, trapped the country in a cycle of
dependency and left poverty unresolved.

"The international community is co-responsible for [the] weakness of Haitian
institutions and the Haitian state," said Edmond Mulet.

"We've always worked not with the government or through the government, because
it has been too corrupt, too weak. But if we don't address the situation we will
have a peacekeeping mission in Haiti for the next 200 years."

Robert Zoellick, head of the World Bank, said donor money should flow through
the Haitian government budget - with monitoring to minimise waste and
corruption.

"This time we have a chance to do things differently but it requires a
partnership for the long haul," he told Reuters. "This will require a commitment
on both sides - for the Haitian authorities but also for the donors. On the side
of the international agencies we need to co-operate, not complicate."

The donor conference - chaired by Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state,
and Ban Ki-Moon, the UN secretary general - will flesh out the Interim Haiti
Recovery Commission, an initial 23-member body tasked with co-ordinating aid
flows. It will be co-chaired by Bill Clinton, the former US president-turned-UN
Haiti envoy, and Jean-Max Bellerive, Haiti's prime minister.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Ayr Advocate (Australia)

                           September 16, 2011 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Vision for the future shared LNP shadow treasurer in focus shift for the state

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 600 words


REBUILDING our economy from the ground-up was hot on the agenda for state Shadow
Treasurer, Tim Nicholls, who shared the LNP's vision for the future of
Queensland with local residents, when he visited the district this week.

In talks with Member for the Burdekin, Rosemary Menkens, the deputy leader of
the opposition shifted his focus to what he envisaged as the ``four pillars'' of
the Queensland economy; those being agriculture, construction, tourism and the
resource industry.

``They are Queensland's traditional strengths and we think a lot of those
strengths have been allowed to slip over the past 20 years or so,'' he said.

Acknowledging that it has not been the best of seasons for farmers, Mr Nicholls
said the opposition were committed to establishing a dedicated department for
agriculture, as well as appointing a powerful ministerial position, as the
farming sector is one of the building blocks of the national economy.

``Agriculture is one of those industry's that has been allowed to slip and
hasn't been given all the support it needs,'' he said.

``So, we will be creating a department that does give people the opportunity to
have a say and to be able to know that they can speak to a minister who has a
department that is dedicated to the agricultural side of our economy, which is
such an important export earner.

``There are so many facets in agriculture that need to be looked after.''

With many sugarcane growers alleging they were abandoned by the Bligh government
from last season's catastrophe, Mr Nicholls said the LNP were all about less
worry about process and more worry about income.

``I know that there were QRAA grants available and they were around $25,000 and
$5000 first-up and there was a lot of process in getting that next level of
funding, which made it very difficult.

``A lot of people said `Going through the forms and filling in all the bits of
paper is just not worth all the aggravation just to get this money' and that it
should have been simpler and easier for that money to flow through to people,''
he said

``Our focus is about outcome, rather than filling out forms.''

With the tourism industry also taking a significant battering in recent months,
Mr Nicholls said the opposition had turned their focus to new and emerging
tourism markets.

``For example, the Chinese outbound tourism market is about 55 million people a
year and rising to 100 million people by 2020.

``That is an enormous market that we need to get a slither of, coming to
Queensland and north Queensland in particular.

``We want to focus on expanding those areas and focus on growing inbound tourism
from India and other growth markets, as well as the gulf states in the Middle
East.''

As part of his portfolio in racing, Mr Nicholls said he would also visit the
Burdekin Race Club to discuss ways in which to revitalise country racing.

``One of the issues that has arisen is the hit that country and regional racing
has taken.

``There is about 250 fewer local race days now than there was four of five years
ago, so we want to know what ideas and suggestions country racing has about how
we can reinvigorate country racing,'' he said.

``We want to talk to local race clubs about what the impact has had on them and
what they believe needs to be done.

``It's not about the economics, it's about local communities coming together and
enjoying those race days and feeling part of a community.''

Praising the Burdekin as one of the figures of Queensland, Mr Nicholls said ``If
you think of Queensland and you think of sugarcane and the coast, the Burdekin
is one of those iconic areas of Queensland.''

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TAA


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2010 Monday

Schumer wants U.S. to take bigger bite out of apple industry

BYLINE: Joe Olenick, Lockport Union-Sun and Journal, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


May 10--U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer wants apple growers nationwide to take a
bigger bite out of the apple industry.

Schumer said Monday he will be introducing a bill to create a program that would
make it easy for growers to increase the variety of apples produced. Increasing
the variety of apples available would help promote the industry, Schumer said.
The senator visited Hall Apple Farm on Ruhlmann Road in the town to make the
announcement.

The APPLE Act, or Apple Profit Protection for Local Economies Act, would provide
up to $20 million per year for the U.S. Department of Agriculture to give to
apple growers. The money would be distributed in grants and low-interest loans,
which growers could use to pay for replacement of older trees with newer,
different kinds of apple trees. Apple growers will be able to grow varieties
that are higher in demand, leading to more sales. Growers would apply directly
to the USDA.

"This is one of those rare cases where money does grow on trees," Schumer said.

The bill is based on a Canadian program, Nova Scotia's Honeycrisp Orchard
Renewal Program, which encouraged Canadian growers to switch from Macintosh
apple trees to Honeycrisp. Canadian growers are selling Honeycrisp for up to
five times as much, now about $514 a bin, as compared to $102 a bin for
Macintosh apples. Replacing trees can be expensive, even if switching over is
what the American growers need to do to stay competitive. The cost to replace
trees is about $9,000 to $12,000 an acre, taking three years for the new trees
to bear fruit.

"Our biggest challenge to change over to new varieties is cash flow and
financing. New planting is very expensive. If we're going to be in this business
in the future, we need to make up-to-date plantings," said Jim Bittner of Singer
Farms, and president of the Niagara County Farm Bureau.

New York state is the second-largest apple producer in the country, with 1,350
apple farms across the state. Schumer said that every year, New York's nearly
700 commercial apple growers pump approximately $268 million into the local
economy and are responsible for employing about 17,000 New Yorkers, both
directly and indirectly. New York also has about 49,248 total acres for apple
production, with Western New York boasting 163 apples orchards that stretch
nearly 3,500 acres. Niagara County has 81 of those orchards, with a total of
3,317 acres.

Schumer said Niagara County is the fourth-largest apple producing county in New
York, trailing only Wayne, Orleans and Ulster counties. The industry pumps about
$260 million into the economy statewide, meaning the apple industry affects
other industries as well, the senator said.

"Make no mistake about it, this is a huge industry for New York and is often
forgotten," Schumer said.

Schumer said apple growers have been suffering, and the local economy is strong
with the apple products are strong.

"This is a small amount of money that will help them bring in more income, and
when they have more income, they spend it in our local stores, restaurants,
etc.," Schumer said.

What'll help is increasing demand for local apples, Schumer said. Schools are
encouraged to buy local for school lunches, which is another bill Schumer will
introduce in the summer. The bill is aimed at making schools incorporate more
fresh apples in lunches.

While he was thankful for the help, Hall Apple Farm co-owner Bob Hall said the
APPLE Act could affect supply and demand. If everyone is selling the same
varieties, it could be counterproductive.

"Demand might not be as high," Hall said.

Schumer added that he will be meeting with fellow senators about immigration
reform, an issue for farmers. He will also be pushing a bill that raises the
cost of items from China by 33 percent and would affect "everything from steel
to apples," Schumer said.

Contact reporter Joe Olenick at 439-9222, ext. 6241.

To see more of the Lockport Union-Sun & Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.lockportjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Lockport
Union-Sun and Journal, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100510-XL-Schumer-wants-U-S-to-take-bigger-bite-out-of-apple-industry-0510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XL


                  Copyright 2010 Lockport Union-Sun & Journal


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 August 9, 2009
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

I'm branching out into GM trees;
HEAVEN AND HELL

BYLINE: PETER SHEARLOCK

SECTION: MONEY;FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 860 words


ONE of the rules of investing is to be where the action is. Once momentum builds
up in one sector of the stock market it can keep going for months on end. Miss
that and you miss out on a lot of performance.

So far this year, the place to be has been cyclical stocks. A host of sickly
businesses in everything from banking to motor dealing have seen their shares
multiply in value as investors buy tomorrow's recovery today. Cynics have termed
this the "dash to trash". I have not been part of it.

There is another trend taking shape, though. As appetite for risk has returned,
so interest in small companies has revived. This has been good for the Hell side
of my portfolio. My first new pick is Futuragene, a biotech firm whose
genetically modified trees appear to grow as fast as fairy-tale beanstalks.

I have looked at Futuragene before but have always been put off by a
long-running legal battle in the US between the company and some of its
founders, who were near-constant sellers of the shares. The legal battle was
settled at the end of last year and the founders' shares have all gone to new
homes. Now the market can concentrate on where the company is going.

That appears to be in the same direction as its trees. Unlike most biotech
firms, Futuragene looks to be no more than 18 months away from generating big
cash flows. Three years of trials in Brazil have demonstrated that its GM
technology can make eucalyptus trees grow 25% faster than usual. A joint venture
with Suzano is now awaiting approval from Brazil's agriculture ministry to go
ahead with full-scale commercial production.

Futuragene has a number of other joint ventures, most notably with the China
Academy of Forestry. Trials there suggest its GM poplar trees grow three times
faster than non-GM equivalents. There is other promising technology in making
crops drought and disease-resistant, but they all involve the food chain, where
acceptance of GM is patchy at best.

At today's 48p, Futuragene is valued at just £25m. I suspect the business may
need to raise more money before the cash starts rolling in but that should not
be difficult. I have added some shares to my portfolio in the belief that
revenues two years from now will justify a much higher market value than the
current one.

On a different note, I have been taken to task by a reader over my piece last
month on Lloyds Banking Group's 6.0884% preference shares. He rightly points out
I didn't mention the dividend moves to a floating-rate basis in 2015. The amount
then received will be adjusted quarterly to equate to 1.31% over the three-month
interbank rate.

On the face of it, this sounds bad news. If the interbank rate were still at
today's level of under 1%, it would amount to a big cut in income - and a fall
in the value of the preference shares. But today's level is artificially low,
the result of all the measures being taken to prime the economy. At the current
0.5%, bank rate is the lowest it has been in history.

I reckon we will see interest rates returning to more normal levels way before
2015. We quickly forget what "normal" means but Bank rate touched 7.5% as
recently as 1998. Were inflation to return in force, it could be higher still.
In that scenario, a move to a payout tied to the interbank rate would help
preserve the value of the preference shares.

Lloyds has the right to buy them back in May 2015 - which it might do if
interest rates were then shooting up. That, again, is a plus for the value of
these shares.

But, as I see it, the key issue is Lloyds' desire to start paying dividends on
its ordinary shares again. The bank has intimated it wants to return to the
dividend list next year and there was nothing in Wednesday's interim statement
to dash that hope.

Since it cannot legally pay dividends on the ordinary without also paying on the
preference, that should remove any doubts about the preference payout. For now,
what may or may not happen in 2015 can take a back seat.

''THEY SEEM TO GROW AS FAST AS FAIRY-TALE BEANSTALKS

PORTFOLIO SNAPSHOTHeaven Cadbury 01/02 485 5583 +20 661.5 453 3.0 DPSG 01/02
1000 1424 +42 1580 697 - HMV 05/07 116 116 - 159.5 106.5 6.3 Lloyds 06/09 £358
£465 +30 £810 £185.2 13.1 pref shares Royal Dutch 04/09 1481 1546 +4 1904 1223
6.5 Shell 'B' Sainsbury 10/08 279 320.6 +15 374 236.5 4.1 Heaven: these are
classic, low-risk 'value' shares. Most are big companies offering high yields,
good cash fl ow and in some cases a strong asset base Hell Futuragene 08/09 49
47.75 -3 64.5 9 - Genesis 07/04 45.5 8.5 -81 57 6 - Petroleum 06/06 Goldplat
10/07 11.5 9.5 -17 13 8 - IS Pharma 09/06 58.8 89 +51 97 49.5 - Jarvis 05/08
21.8 14 -36 28 3.6 - Minster 04/09 4.5 6.12 +36 26 2.5 - Pharm Running 05/07 1
1.38* +38 1.38 1.38 - River Spice 02/06 51.5 72 +40 126.1 33.5 2.1 Date
purchased (month/year) Purchase price p Yield % Current price p 52-week high p
52-week low p % change over 2008 Date purchased (month/year) Purchase price p
Yield % Current price p 52-week high p 52-week low p % change over 2008 Hell:
these are high-risk, speculative shares. Most are small companies with often
volatile share prices. Not for widows and orphans *Price at suspension

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 8, 2012 Thursday

South Dakota conservation suffering amid ag boom, officials say

BYLINE: Tom Lawrence, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1061 words


March 08--High prices for farm commodities have farmers smiling, but those
profits are having a negative impact on South Dakota's natural resources.

That reality was made clear during a meeting Wednesday evening at the Highland
Conference Center in Mitchell to discuss the South Dakota Coordinated Plan for
Natural Resources Conservation.

"We're getting too far away from some of the CRP (Conservation Reserve Program)
programs," said Jim Lehi, manager of the Davison County Conservation District.
"And the wetlands are disappearing,"

Lehi said he doesn't blame farmers. With record corn prices and other high
returns for ag products, farmers are planting land that was once set aside
either for conservation reasons or because the return wasn't worth the
investment.

He said there is little his agency can do other than ask people to be more aware
of conservation.

"You can suggest," Lehi said. "It's ultimately up to the landowner what they
want to do."

Across the state, land that has been used for pasture and rangeland is being
farmed, according to staffers with HDR Engineering, of Sioux Falls, who
conducted the meeting. The company was hired by the state to do so.

It was the sixth of seven meetings held in cities across South Dakota to garner
feedback on local and state conservation efforts and goals. Fewer than 10 people
attended, and most were involved with area conservation districts.

Jill Rust, a staff biologist for HDR, said the same concerns are being raised at
all the meetings. People are concerned that conservation, which has long had a
high priority in the state, is being forgotten in a rush for profit.

The South Dakota Coordinated Plan for Natural Resources Conservation was first
adopted in 1991. Initial goals were to reduce erosion, improve groundwater and
overall water quality and bolster pasture and rangeland in the state.

Air quality, the protection of wildlife habitat and preserving wetlands were
among the issues added to the goals in a 2007 revision of the plan. Increasing
public awareness and raising money from outside sources were also included.

That plan is now updated every five years, and that's why these meetings are
being held, according to Brian Scott, a natural resource specialist for the
South Dakota Department of Agriculture, which oversees the conservation program.
The state wants to learn if people feel the 2007 goals were met, and what
programs should be implemented in the future.

Changes in agricultural methods, new uses for agricultural products, and
improved understanding of conservation benefits and methods were the primary
forces in efforts to revise and expand previous plans.

The grant program issues $500,000 to districts in the state annually.
Originally, the state wanted to set aside up to $1.2 million for the program,
Scott said.

In fact, the money, which came from state gas tax revenue, never topped
$900,000, he said.

In 2011, the Legislature decided to sever the program's ties with the gas tax,
Scott said, and decided to give it a flat $500,000.

A revolving loan program also provides money for projects in the district. It
has 15 outstanding loans totaling more than $104,000 and $70,000 in available
money.

The Davison Conservation District does not have any outstanding loans but has
received some grant money in the past, Lehi said.

It usually receives $15,000 to $20,000 for a three-year program, he said.

Dave Kringen, a James River Water Development District employee, attended
Wednesday's meeting to see if any dollars were available for the Lower James
River Implementation Project.

Kringen said he and colleague Dave Bartel, who is also the acting director of
the JRWDD, are working to improve water quality in the region.

They work with feedlot owners to reduce the flow of nutrients into the river,
and encourage farmers to place buffer strips between their land and the river.

The project sought $634,000 for 2012 but received $281,000, Kringen said.

The money comes from a federal program that is passed through the state. He said
he hopes to access some grant money from the state conservation program.

Scott said the ultimate goal is to combine the money allocated to the districts
with other state programs, federal dollars and money from private conservation
agencies.

Rolled together, they can fund larger projects that might impact more than one
conservation district, he said.

There are 69 conservation districts in South Dakota. Some counties contain two
districts while some districts encompass two or more counties.

Wade Strand is the chairman of the Davison County Conservation District. He
leads a five-member board, the members of which are elected to four-year terms.

Bruce Haines, of Mitchell, is the vice chairman, and other board members are
Paul Hetland, of Mitchell, Lewis Bainbridge, of Ethan, and Darwin Kreth, of
Mount Vernon.

All five seats will be up for election on the Nov. 6 ballot. Normally, the seats
are filled on a rotating basis, but appointments to the board have compelled all
five to be up for grabs this year.

Lehi said tree plantings, native grass seedings and site preparation continue to
provide the majority of the work for the district.

Lehi said this year marks the 75th anniversary of conservation districts in the
state. He said he'd like to come up with an idea to mark their impact.

"I haven't come up with a good idea yet," Lehi said.

The State Conservation Commission is governed by a nine-member citizen
commission. Its members are appointed by the governor and represent farming,
water development districts, the tree industry, and the South Dakota Municipal
League. There is one at-large member.

Current members are:

Farmers: Gerald Thaden, of Marvin, Alan Vedvei, of Lake Preston, Tom Wolles, of
Colton, David Fischbach, of Faith.

Tree industry: Wayne Bunge, of Rapid City, and Charlie Moe, of Rosebud.

Water development districts: Tom Glover, of Burke.

Municipal League: Aaron Kiesz, of Aberdeen.

At-large: Doug Hansen, of Webster.

For more information or to submit comments, go to
www.coordinatedplanfornaturalresourcesconservation.co m, or send them to Bill
Smith, South Dakota Department of Agriculture, Division of Resource Conservation
and Forestry, 523 E Capitol Ave., Pierre, S.D. 57501-3182.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120308-JQ-South-Dakota-conservation-suffering-amid-ag-boom-officials-say-0308-
20120308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2012 The Daily Republic


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state

BYLINE: By Lee Davidson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 637 words


Utah may be a desert, but disastrous flooding here last year led it to receive
the most of any state in a big package of federal emergency agricultural
disaster aid announced on Wednesday.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded Utah $60.3 million out of the $307.6
million given nationally -- about 20 percent of the national total. Utah's money
is for emergency watershed repair projects statewide.

That came after the wettest spring on record in northern Utah led to snowmelt
flooding along rivers including the Weber, Ogden, Blacksmith's Fork, Sevier,
Emigration Creek and Big and Little Cottonwood Creek. Flash flooding also
occurred in December 2010 in southern Utah. All that flooded, or even eroded
away, many farms and hurt irrigation and flood control systems.

"Landowners, individuals and communities have endured incredible hardships,"
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said as he announced the national
assistance. "This funding will help to rebuild communities.... This assistance
keeps farmers on the farm, ranchers on the ranch, and landowners on the land."

The U.S. Natural Resources Conservation Service will funnel money to 13 local
governments in Utah to pay up to 75 percent for restoration or flood prevention
projects, while local governments must pay the rest through cash or in-kind
services. About $50.2 eventually will go to local governments, and the NRCS will
also use $10.1 million in the state for technical assistance.

Among amounts awarded so far are $13 million to Weber County, where high
snowmelt flooding damaged road, irrigation, structures, homes and bridges.
Washington County is receiving $6.59 million for damage from flash floods.

Salt Lake County is receiving $3.5 million. High stream flows in the most
populous county caused damage to property on Big and Little Cottonwood Creeks,
Mill Creek and the Jordan River.

Among some other initial amounts awarded are: Cache County, $6 million; Duchesne
County, $4 million; Sevier County, $3.5 million; Sanpete County, $2.5 million;
Piute County, $1.5 million; Green River Soil Conservation District, $1.5
million; Kane County, $600,000; Garfield County, $500,000; Spanish Fork,
$500,000; and the Northern Utah Water Conservancy District, $500,000.

"We look forward to working with the local sponsors to restore these critical
natural resource systems and help make these communities whole again," said Dave
Brown, state conservationist in the Utah NRCS office.

Ron Francis, NRCS Utah spokesman, said the agency figures that $57 million worth
of similar work after 2005 floods around St. George helped this year, when
similar flash flooding occurred. He said it helped avoid "damages exceeding $179
million, and protected 450 individual properties and 30 businesses.... It
worked. The stuff held and it didn't wipe out homes again."

The Utah Department of Agriculture and Food hailed the aid.

"Agriculture is hard enough without natural disasters making it even more
difficult," said department spokesman Larry Lewis. "It's very important that
farmers are able to put themselves back in business and undo what damage the
flood did. We're talking about tens of millions of dollars of losses" from
flooding last year.

Utah Deputy Agriculture Commissioner Kyle Stephens added, "As a result of
flooding around the state, it caused a lot of farmers and ranchers not to be
able to put their crops in" because of flooded or too-wet fields. He said even
where farmers may have been able to plant, "Irrigations systems were compromised
because of flooding, so they were not able to get water on fields." Alt Heads:

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state Top five states in aid awards

Utah » $60.3 million

Missouri » $48.9 million

New York » $41.8 million

Alabama » $16.6 million

Pennsylvania » $13.9 million

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May
2011. The water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency
Management Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and
cattle range have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May 2011. The
water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency Management
Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range
have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water flooding out from the Weber River fills the front yard of a home on W.
1600 South outside of Ogden in May 2011.
Water floods the Wadeland dairy farm in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden Sunday in
May 2011. Director of Weber County Emergency Management Lance Peterson estimates
that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range have already been flooded
with water from the nearby Weber River.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state

BYLINE: By Lee Davidson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 637 words


Utah may be a desert, but disastrous flooding here last year led it to receive
the most of any state in a big package of federal emergency agricultural
disaster aid announced on Wednesday.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture awarded Utah $60.3 million out of the $307.6
million given nationally -- about 20 percent of the national total. Utah's money
is for emergency watershed repair projects statewide.

That came after the wettest spring on record in northern Utah led to snowmelt
flooding along rivers including the Weber, Ogden, Blacksmith's Fork, Sevier,
Emigration Creek and Big and Little Cottonwood Creek. Flash flooding also
occurred in December 2010 in southern Utah. All that flooded, or even eroded
away, many farms and hurt irrigation and flood control systems.

"Landowners, individuals and communities have endured incredible hardships,"
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said as he announced the national
assistance. "This funding will help to rebuild communities.... This assistance
keeps farmers on the farm, ranchers on the ranch, and landowners on the land."

The U.S. Natural Resources Conservation Service will funnel money to 13 local
governments in Utah to pay up to 75 percent for restoration or flood prevention
projects, while local governments must pay the rest through cash or in-kind
services. About $50.2 eventually will go to local governments, and the NRCS will
also use $10.1 million in the state for technical assistance.

Among amounts awarded so far are $13 million to Weber County, where high
snowmelt flooding damaged road, irrigation, structures, homes and bridges.
Washington County is receiving $6.59 million for damage from flash floods.

Salt Lake County is receiving $3.5 million. High stream flows in the most
populous county caused damage to property on Big and Little Cottonwood Creeks,
Mill Creek and the Jordan River.

Among some other initial amounts awarded are: Cache County, $6 million; Duchesne
County, $4 million; Sevier County, $3.5 million; Sanpete County, $2.5 million;
Piute County, $1.5 million; Green River Soil Conservation District, $1.5
million; Kane County, $600,000; Garfield County, $500,000; Spanish Fork,
$500,000; and the Northern Utah Water Conservancy District, $500,000.

"We look forward to working with the local sponsors to restore these critical
natural resource systems and help make these communities whole again," said Dave
Brown, state conservationist in the Utah NRCS office.

Ron Francis, NRCS Utah spokesman, said the agency figures that $57 million worth
of similar work after 2005 floods around St. George helped this year, when
similar flash flooding occurred. He said it helped avoid "damages exceeding $179
million, and protected 450 individual properties and 30 businesses.... It
worked. The stuff held and it didn't wipe out homes again."

The Utah Department of Agriculture and Food hailed the aid.

"Agriculture is hard enough without natural disasters making it even more
difficult," said department spokesman Larry Lewis. "It's very important that
farmers are able to put themselves back in business and undo what damage the
flood did. We're talking about tens of millions of dollars of losses" from
flooding last year.

Utah Deputy Agriculture Commissioner Kyle Stephens added, "As a result of
flooding around the state, it caused a lot of farmers and ranchers not to be
able to put their crops in" because of flooded or too-wet fields. He said even
where farmers may have been able to plant, "Irrigations systems were compromised
because of flooding, so they were not able to get water on fields." Alt Heads:

Utah floods bring most federal aid of any state Top five states in aid awards

Utah » $60.3 million

Missouri » $48.9 million

New York » $41.8 million

Alabama » $16.6 million

Pennsylvania » $13.9 million

Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May
2011. The water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency
Management Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and
cattle range have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water floods an alfalfa field in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden in May 2011. The
water will ruin summer crops. Director of Weber County Emergency Management
Lance Peterson estimates that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range
have already been flooded with water from the nearby Weber River.
Water flooding out from the Weber River fills the front yard of a home on W.
1600 South outside of Ogden in May 2011.
Water floods the Wadeland dairy farm in the Taylor Ward west of Ogden Sunday in
May 2011. Director of Weber County Emergency Management Lance Peterson estimates
that 2,000 acres of alfalfa, pasture and cattle range have already been flooded
with water from the nearby Weber River.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 03, 1998, Tuesday, Final Edition

The President on Clean Water

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 507 words


THE COUNTRY'S leading water pollution problem is no longer the industrial and
municipal waste that flows from particular pipes but the elusive agricultural
and urban runoff that accumulates across entire watersheds. The Clean Water Act
provides only indirect authority to deal with it, and the current Congress is
hardly likely to strengthen the relevant provisions. In the last Congress, House
Republicans tried instead to weaken them. The clean-water initiative the
president announced the other day is thus an effort to make the most of a
limited arsenal. Within those limits, it does a reasonable job.

The government will use existing authority to set new standards for nutrients in
lakes, streams and estuaries -- the nitrogen and phosphorus that are byproducts
of agricultural operations especially. Excessive amounts do harm. The states are
then meant to apply the standards to waters within their jurisdiction, and to
draw up plans to reduce them where required. If the plans are too weak, the
Environmental Protection Agency can disapprove them, but it lacks the power to
enforce them except indirectly if the states default. The administration seeks
to fill the enforcement hole with financial inducements both to the states and
to farmers to reduce the spread of the pollutants. It has assembled a fairly
impressive package of money, much of it from existing programs. Some of the
largest are in the Agriculture Department, including the mighty Conservation
Reserve Program, which each year pays farmers to idle vast amounts of vulnerable
land across the country and now supports such things as water quality projects
as well.

Watersheds extend across state boundaries, and the president's initiative
includes some fuzzy talk about the need for interstate cooperation. Among much
else, a program embracing an entire watershed can liberate states from the fear
that if they take strong action, neighboring states may use weaker environmental
standards to lure away industry. That's part of the argument that Congress has
ignored for a stronger federal law. The administration uses what it has --
mostly words and a little money -- to push in this useful direction.

The initiative also promises, again a bit fuzzily, to convert the current annual
loss of wetlands across the country into a net gain within a few years. Exactly
how is left unclear. The last time anyone looked, the Corps of Engineers was
proposing to ease the rules under which developers and others are allowed to
invade wetlands. This would mark a more aggressive policy, if it occurs.
Likewise, there is a promise to do a better job of managing the government's own
lands. Because the government is such a large landowner, this would be
important.

This administration generally has pushed in the right directions on
environmental issues. But its penchant for show over substance -- this report
trumpets "more than 100 major new actions" -- often gets the best of it. Many of
these are neither major steps nor new. We hope they take them anyway.

LOAD-DATE: March 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

need2know: 6 triggers that may move the market today

BYLINE: Nandini Sanyal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 941 words


After inking the tweaked Mauritius pact on Tuesday, the Indian government has
taken adequate care to ensure the changes don't evoke a sharply negative
reaction from the stock market by offering a staggered rollout. India now has
the power to tax capital gains on the sale of shares of domestic companies by
entities based in Mauritius. This move could adversely impact overseas funds
flow.

Meanwhile, fear of dumping by China spreads as India's giant neighour has
approved measures to boost exports in a move that might inflame tensions with
trading partners that accuse Beijing of flooding their markets with steel and
other goods at improperly low prices.

Here's a look at six triggers that are sure to move your market today

India to tax capital gains on investments from Mauritius starting in 2017: In a
bid to prevent "abuse" of the tax avoidance treaty, India on Tuesday signed with
Mauritius an amendment to the pact to get rights to tax capital gains on shares
of Indian company sold after April 1, 2017. With the signing of the amendment to
the Double Taxation Avoidance Convention (DTAC) with Mauritius, sale of shares
of an Indian resident company will be taxed at 50 per cent of the applicable
rate between April 1, 2017, to March 31, 2019. Full capital gains tax will apply
from April 1, 2019. Any abrupt impact is sought to be cushioned by providing
so-called grandfathering of investments made prior to April 1, 2017.

SC eases blanket ban on diesel cabs: The Supreme Court on Tuesday partially
eased its ban on non-CNG cabs operating in the National Capital Region by
allowing those with all-India permits to ply until their five-year permits
lapsed and authorising CNG and petrol-run taxis registered in Delhi to ply in
the NCR districts of neighbouring states. The court also said no fresh diesel
cab can be registered in the NCR. The ban had the "potential to create the death
knell for the BPO sector in the country" and lead to a possible loss of
$1billion.

Rs 1.7 lakh cr flows into MFs in Apr: Investors pumped in a staggering Rs 1.7
lakh crore into various mutual fund (MF) schemes in April with liquid or money
market segment contributing the most. In comparison, a total of Rs 1.10 lakh
crore was invested in April last year. According to the data from the
Association of Mutual Funds in India (Amfi), investors poured in a net of Rs
1,70,161 crore in MF schemes last month as against an outflow of Rs 73,113 crore
in March. The inflow was mainly driven by contribution from liquid funds or
money market category. Besides, inflows have resumed in equity schemes on strong
retail participation.

Sebi may lift online investment cap on MFs: Market regulator Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is considering doing away with the yearly
investment limit of Rs 50,000 per fund house through the online route. Also, KYC
registration agencies (KRAs) are developing a system to accept applications
online without the need of a PAN card. According to Sebi guidelines released two
months ago, investors can fulfil KYC norms online by using their Aadhaar card
only.

Real agriculture growth to rise 1.1% in FY16: India's real agriculture Gross
value added (GVA) growth is projected to rise 1.1 per cent in 2015-16, despite
below-normal monsoon last year, says a Nomura report. According to the Japanese
financial services major, the ongoing diversification in the agriculture sector
has reduced volatility in agriculture output and farm incomes. This augers well
for farm dependent sectors.

Mines ministry wants digital data declassified to improve pvt participation: The
mines ministry has asked the defence ministry to declassify vital digital data,
saying lack of such data was preventing private sector participation in India's
mineral exploration. A circular issued by the defence ministry in 1969 prohibits
sharing of digital details for security reasons. The digital map of more than
98% of the country is available on a desired scale, but it has not been made
public and is accessible only to government agencies.

...And in the financial markets yesterday

Rupee down: Extending losses for the second straight session, the rupee today
dropped by another 9 paise to close at 66.67 on sustained demand for the US
currency from banks and importers in view of firm dollar overseas.

Bonds mixed: Government bonds ( G-Secs) ended mixed in thin trade following
alternate bouts of buying and selling. The 7.88 per cent G-Secs maturing in 2030
edged-up to Rs 101.2025 from Rs 101.20 previously, while its yield held stable
at 7.74 per cent. The 7.59 per cent G-Secs maturing in 2029 rose to Rs 99.7025
from Rs 99.6975, while its yield edged-down to 7.62 per cent from 7.63 per cent.
The 7.68 per cent G-Secs maturing in 2023 gained to Rs 100.6050 from Rs
100.5950, while its yield ruled steady at 7.57 per cent. However, the 7.59 per
cent G-Secs maturing in 2026 fell to Rs 101.0925 from Rs 101.11, while its yield
edged-up to 7.43 per cent from 7.42 per cent. The 7.72 per cent G-Secs maturing
in 2025, declined to Rs 100.71 from Rs 100.75, while its yield inched-up to 7.61
per cent from 7.60 per cent.

Call rates higher: The overnight call money rates ended higher at 6.50 from
Monday's level of 6.45 per cent. It resumed higher at 6.65 and moved in a range
of 6.75 and 6.25 per cent.

Liquidity: The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI), under the Liquidity Adjustment
Facility ( LAF), purchased securities worth Rs 20,533 crore in 40-bids, for
1-day at the overnight repo operation at a fixed rate of 6.50 per cent, while it
sold securities worth Rs 2,544 crore from 18-bids for 1-day reverse repo
operations,

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday

Pak-US strategic dialogue a milestone to strengthen mutual trust: Hilary

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 81

LENGTH: 315  words


US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton has termed the Pak-US strategic dialogue a
milestone to strengthen the mutual trust between the two nations. In a brief
interview to a private television channel telecast Tuesday the US Secretary of
State said ," this strategic dialogue is at the highest level that we ever had
between the two countries and we are very committed to it"."Let me say how
pleased we are to have a first of our strategic dialogues in Washington", she
added.

Hilary said she "can't pre-judge or pre-empt what the outcome of discussion
would be but whole the range of issues would be covered in this dialogue".  She
said the outcome would of course take some time because an overnight result of
such strategic discussion was not possible.

"It is important to start, to sort the things out and to develop a trust and
confidence between the two nations," she said adding "we will be moving forward
to have our next session in future in Islamabad".  To a question the US
Secretary of State said that US-India nuclear deal was the result of many years
of strategic dialogue.

As far Pakistan's energy issues are concerned there are more immediate steps
that could be taken, she said.

"We are certainly looking at it as how to help Pakistan with its long terms
energy needs", she maintained.

On the slow pace of money flow through KLB she said that there are some rules to
be followed in this regard adding but the money is being flowed and it is being
delivered.

"The US administration is well aware of Pakistan's financial challenges and it
will do everything to expedite the money flow for investment in agriculture,
energy and security sectors besides many other areas", she said. She said the
new US administration came in office wanting for deep and broad  relationship
with Pakistan adding "We are working to try to realize the  benefit of greater
market access to Pakistan".

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Addis Fortune

                                 June 30, 2013

New Directive to Improve Farmer Input Purchasing

BYLINE: Yetneberk Tadele

LENGTH: 431 words


The current situation, which sees different regions implementing different
strategies, is problematic in meeting farmers' demands

The Ministry of Agriculture (MoA) is issuing a directive for credit sales of
agricultural inputs through microfinance institutions.

Currently, different regions have their own approaches to selling inputs to the
farmers. Tigray offers credit sales to any farmers that cannot afford it, while
Amhara does it only for those farmers in dry areas. The Southern region requires
25pc to 50pc down payments, while Oromia accepts only cash.

"Such different strategies create many problems in meeting the farmers' demands
and collecting money," Teshome Lakew, agricultural inputs marketing directorate
director, told Fortune.

The draft document states that the inconsistent credit system has made it
difficult for farmers to use inputs appropriately.

The directive will end cooperatives and their unions involvement in credit
schemes, although they will continue to be involved in assessing demand and
supply of inputs, in collaboration with the wereda agriculture bureaus.

According to the directive, the microfinance institutions of each region will
take the responsibility of giving the credit. They will allocate the money for
this purpose and, if they have a shortage, they will get more from the
Commercial Bank of Ethiopia (CBE). The private banks are also encouraged to
participate in providing the credit, the bill states.

The MoA is currently working with the Oromia Cooperative Bank, in order to be
engaged in the service, according to Seyfu Assefa, agricultural inputs loan
senior expert at the MoA.

Oromia, Tigray, Amhara and South saving and credit institutions will be in
charge of the new credit scheme, says Seyfu The Cooperative Bank of Oromia is
trying the scheme as a pilot project, in Bokoji and Assasa, Oromia region,
according to Belete Wakbehka, credit relationship management director of the
bank. The bank, according to him, gives the credit for this purpose, at 12pc
interest, if the farmers have land and can have a savings account at the bank.

"The new credit system will enable regions to not have to engage in such kind of
responsibility," Teshome said. "It will also enable unions to focus only on
distributing the inputs, rather than the cash flow."

"It is a great relief for us," Kassa Mame, a farmer from Adama town, in Oromia
Region, told Fortune. "Getting the inputs on credit helps us to use all our
resources and improve productivity."

Buying fertiliser, chemicals and improved seeds in cash is a big challenge on
farming activity, he says.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

New water policy to be on tap for lawmakers;
Quick approval is expected despite opposition

BYLINE: JIM TURNER; The News Service of Florida

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 973 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: NEW WATER POLICY EXPECTED TO FLOW IN SESSION


Shortly after the 2016 legislative session goes through its opening rituals, the
House and Senate will take up a statewide water policy proposal more than two
years in the making.

The proposal (SB 552 and HB 7005), which sped through legislative committees,
has attracted last-minute opposition from environmental groups that contend it
wouldn't go far enough to ensure clean waterways.

The package, a priority of Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam and House
Speaker Steve Crisafulli, is expected to quickly win approval from the House and
Senate.

The proposal seeks to establish water flow levels for the state's natural
springs and set guidelines for the Central Florida Water Initiative, which is a
regional water-supply planning effort that involves the Department of
Environmental Protection, the St. Johns River Water Management District, the
South Florida Water Management District, the Southwest Florida Water Management
District, the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and regional water
utilities.

The identical bills also include further management action plans for Lake
Okeechobee, the Caloosahatchee Estuary and inland portions of the Caloosahatchee
River watershed, and the St. Lucie River and Estuary.

The package also would require the Legislature's Office of Economic and
Demographic Research to provide an annual assessment of the state's water
resources and conservation lands.Lawmakers will take up the issue during the
annual 60-day session, which starts Jan. 12. The House and Senate also put
together major water policy bills during the 2015 session but could not reach
agreement.This bill ... fell apart last year because it is a significant water
policy that is comprehensive in nature and statewide in nature, Putnam said. If
it were easy, it would be sailing through.

Unlike in the 2015 session, the measure has been given a simpler path.

Many bills go before three committees in each chamber before reaching the floor.
The water policy proposal was put before two Senate committees in November -
where it received no votes in opposition - and a pair of House committees in
October and November.One of the House panels, the House Agriculture & Natural
Resources Appropriations Subcommittee, spent less than 30 minutes debating and
taking public input on the proposal. Only Rep. Jose Javier Rodriguez, D-Miami,
voted against the measure.House Minority Leader Mark Pafford, D-West Palm Beach,
expects the measure to face a little more scrutiny when it's heard on the floor.

It's geared for ag, and water quality will be looked over, Pafford, a critic of
the package, said. If you're in the Apalachicola area, if you're in Florida Bay,
there is no relief coming.

That is not a view shared by Republican leaders.Crisafulli said groups such as
The Nature Conservancy generally voiced support for the legislation at the
committee meetings, as did groups such as the Florida Farm Bureau, the Florida
Realtors, the Florida Chamber of Commerce and Associated Industries of Florida.I
think you will find them cherry-picking the things they do like in it, and then
finding other things that they don't, Crisafulli, R-Merritt Island, said of the
late opposition. At the end of the day, I think we've got a good product in the
policy piece.The most vocal opposition arose in December, when 106 environmental
organizations and businesses - including the Sierra Club, 1000 Friends of
Florida, the Florida Wildlife Federation and Friends of the Everglades - sought
12 changes to the plan. Among the desired changes were stricter deadlines for
cleaning waterways, stronger enforcement language against polluters, wider
authority for regional water management districts to review water-use permits
and the ability of local governments to impose stronger restrictions on using
fertilizer.In the letter, the groups also raised questions about the Central
Florida Water Initiative, which they said plans surface water withdrawal
projects that total nearly $1.8 billion, to be paid for with tax dollars and
implemented and operated by private companies. ... This represents a massive
transfer of public money to private pockets.

David Guest, managing attorney of the nonprofit environmental law organization
Earthjustice, argued in a letter to newspaper editors that the water bill -
written by lobbyists for agricultural corporations - is a major rewrite of
hundreds of clean water regulations that Florida has on the books.

Guest objected to what he calls the mostly voluntary best management practices
regulations for Lake Okeechobee, the Everglades and the state's natural springs.

The changes are artful and subtle, and - if the bill passes - the effects are
going to come back to haunt us all, Guest said.

Putnam said the package is just a step in Florida meeting future water needs, as
demand is expected to grow by more than 1.3 billion gallons a day by 2030.
One-third of the growth is expected in the Orlando region.

This builds on Florida's strong tradition of water policy that dates back to the
early '70s, Putnam said. And it won't be the end. I think there are things we
need to continue to do, but in that march toward progress. This appears to be
moving and I hope it goes all the way, unlike last year.

Over the summer and fall, the House and Senate resolved differences that
scuttled efforts to enact the statewide policies during the 2015 session.The
Senate's push to include an oversight council to rate potential water projects
was one of the sticking points this year. The House agreed to have state
economists perform some oversight, easing concerns from the Senate.

The policy doesn't dictate funding, but provides some direction for spending
money from a 2014 voter-approved constitutional amendment that requires 33
percent of an existing real estate tax to go toward land and water preservation
and maintenance.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CULTIVATING CUSTOMERS Popular farmers' markets are sprouting up all over
Colorado

BYLINE: Sara Castellanos The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-05

LENGTH: 430 words


It could be the economy or it could be the number of visitors who flock to them,
but farmers' markets are finding renewed popularity with consumers and nearby
businesses.

Since 2000, when a mere 30 markets dotted Colorado, the number has almost
quadrupled to 110, according to state agriculture officials.

The resurgence was clear on June 6 as nearly 800 people descended on the debut
of the market in the Highland community, only to be bested the following weekend
with 1,000 visitors, said Kristin Morley, president of Highland United Neighbors
Inc., the market sponsor.

The customer flow is not only good for the 30 vendors of food, produce and
hand-made items, but for the Highland businesses around the market too.

"We have the ability to cross-promote (markets) with the restaurants and shops
here," Morley said of the Saturday marketplace on the 1500 block of Boulder
Street. "We've got a lot of local businesses that are sponsoring the farmers'
markets, and people that have never come to the Highlands before are now
coming."

Farmers' market customers seem to trust a product they purchase directly from
the farmer who produced it, according to Loredana Ottoborgo, a vendor and market
organizer for the Belmar, Evergreen and Frisco farmers' markets.

"People know that there's better nutrition in locally grown produce," said
Ottoborgo, a cheese and pesto vendor for 16 years. "I've had such great response
from customers that are happy supporting someone from their community."

And, Ottoborgo said she relies on customer feedback about the ingredients in her
weekly batches of pesto.

The farmers' market at Belmar seems to be weathering the economy just fine, said
Brittany Maynor, assistant marketing manager of the shopping district there.

Alaska Drive at Belmar was purposely made wider than other streets in the
community, with additional electrical outlets to accommodate events such as
farmers' markets, she said.

It's helped, too. Maynor estimates customer traffic at the Belmar market has
jumped 50 percent since 2005, up to about 1,000 people each weekend.

"In general, people like to attend them even if they don't have the intention of
spending a lot of money," she said. "But with customer traffic comes those who
are willing to spend money too."

Tim Larsen, senior international marketing specialist for the Colorado
Department of Agriculture, said the Boulder farmers' market easily racks up a
million dollars in sales each year.

"Farmers are finding it's a better way to capture the consumer dollar," he said.

Sara Castellanos: 303-954-1381

or scastellanos@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    June 17, 1987, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Ontario to make grain payment

BYLINE: From The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. H5

LENGTH: 225 words


   Grain farmers struggling because of falling commodity prices will receive
$12.7 million in interim payments, Ontario Agriculture Minister Jack Riddell
says.

Blaming depressed prices on the grain subsidy war between the U.S. and European
Economic Community, Riddell said yesterday the payments will be made on a record
number of crops, including corn, soybeans, barley, winter wheat, oats and
canola. He told the Legislature that interim payments for last year's crops
amounted to $7.8 million.

Farmers will be paid starting the end of this month based on the number of
tonnes producers registered for 1986, Riddell said.

That money is on top of $120 million expected to flow to Ontario farmers as part
of the $1 billion Ottawa is giving grain growers this year because world grain
prices have been driven lower by U.S. and European farm policies. Most of the
federal fund will go to Western Canadian grain growers.

Faced with surplus production, the U.S and the 12-country European Economic
Community have driven commodity prices to a 10-year low with export subsidies.
The three other major exporters - Canada, Argentina and Australia - have lower
levels of support and their farmers have been hard hit by tumbling international
prices that see grain selling in some cases for less than it costs to grow it.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2010 Saturday

Local leaders return from D.C.

BYLINE: Vershal Hogan, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 711 words


Mar. 27--VIDALIA -- Local leaders went to Washington, D.C., this week to lobby
for local and regional projects, and came back with mixed results.

Representatives from Natchez, Vidalia, Ferriday, Clayton and the unincorporated
parts of Concordia Parish went to the nation's capital Monday through Thursday
to attend the U.S. 84 El-Camino Corridor 5-State Commission convention.

The commission meets there yearly to lobby congressional leaders for funding for
the four-laning of U.S. 84 from Georgia through Texas.

"As far as U.S. 84 funding is concerned, they told us money is extremely tight,
and they don't know if any money is going to be spent on transportation this
year," Vidalia Mayor Hyram Copeland said.

While there, those representing the area took advantage of the opportunity to
work with their congressional delegations to try to find funding and help with
other local projects.

Vidalia's delegation discussed a number of projects with congressional members
and their staffs, including the Concordia Parish port project, the new municipal
complex, housing and recreation.

"We had some good discussions with our congressional delegation, but just about
everyone that we discussed issues with said the money is going to be extremely
tight but that they wanted to do what they could to help us," Copeland said.

"They are going to give us different avenues as far as trying to obtain funding,
but it is going to be a drawn out process, and we are going to have to wait and
see how the money is going to be on the (funding) bills."

Ferriday Mayor Glen McGlothin said that the trip was a productive one for him,
and that he was able to come to a tentative agreement with the U.S. Department
of Agriculture about an old grant project that was stalled and the USDA wanted
paid back.

The agreement has cleared the way for the Town of Ferriday to apply for future
funding to build a new water plant, McGlothin said.

"They haven't given me a final say, but we have come to an understanding," he
said. "I will do whatever they tell us to do, but it is a small price to pay to
get a new water plant."

With the agreement, representatives from the USDA gave the town engineer the
go-ahead to submit a preliminary engineering report for the new plant and new
water meters.

"That is the major start to getting the grant process started," he said.

Natchez City Engineer David Gardner said the Natchez delegation went to talk
about the North Natchez drainage project, the Marblestone Road project and the
proposed Natchez-Adams County Recreation Complex.

But the visit actually helped them learn about other opportunities, he said.

"We went to the USDA and we found out a lot of programs they have, programs
varying from a possible heating and cooling unit for the library to some
potential equipment for public works," Gardner said.

"We were mainly going up there to find out what funds we could (get) for the
Marblestone-West Stiers area, and we found some programs we could apply for, but
in the discussions we found out about these other opportunities."

Those who were in the nation's capital this week, just after the passage of the
contentious health care reform package and during the debate about many of the
fixes proposed for it, said the tension was notable.

"In all the years I have been going to Washington, D.C., I have never seen as
many groups of people up there," Copeland said. "I have never seen them, the
Republicans and the Democrats, so divisive and separated in all the years I've
been in office."

But while the congressional leaders may have bristled against each other, it
didn't really spill over into the meetings locals had with them, Gardner said.

"It was kind of tense up there," he said. "You could really tell there is
friction between the Democrats and the Republicans, but we worked through it and
it really didn't affect our meetings."

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100327-YY-Local-leaders-return-from-D-C-0327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2010 The Natchez Democrat


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            December 26, 2014 Friday
                                 Early Edition

The best foreign aid is good policy to help recipients; Charity seldom works
well

BYLINE: Mathieu Vaillancourt, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 584 words


Especially since the 2008 recession, Canada's foreign aid budget has become a
target of criticism. And the Ebola crisis has brought back star-fuelled
campaigns such as Band Aid, which have reinforced the idea that charity should
flow from developed to developing countries.

Someone like Bob Geldof has good intentions and wants the best for people in
Africa, but there are reasons to be skeptical of aid done by the state or even
through big non-governmental organizations.

Why? Because instead of helping people who are really in need, state-based
foreign aid is very top-down in scope. Except in rare specific cases of
well-co-ordinated emergency help, the people at the bottom see a tiny fraction.
You have many intermediaries until the aid gets to the bottom, both among
foreign aid workers (who have expenses) and the different parts of the pyramid
in a given country which all want their part of the cake.

The other important thing to consider is that funds in foreign aid are given
with political intentions in mind. It's not a conspiracy theory to say that
geopolitical factors, lobbying from diasporas or migratory flux are important in
picking "winners' and "losers' in foreign aid. Even with humanitarian assistance
projects like Band Aid, big money does not always mean big success on the field.
The money could end up in a black hole of good intentions.

I cannot stress enough that the vast majority of people in foreign aid and
humanitarian assistance have good intentions. Quite a few organizations are
doing some incredible work on the field, but I believe that top-down foreign aid
is not the best way to really help people in poorer countries. Haiti is just one
example of how poverty can persist despite foreign aid programs.

So what is the solution? There is no magic solution, but ending protectionism is
a good start. In areas like agriculture, people in poorer countries cannot
compete with agriculture in more developed countries such as those in the
European Union that receive massive subsidies. This makes agriculture in poorer
countries not competitive and then they are dependent on the same countries
which give subsidies to their farmers.

Also, subsidies in agriculture artificially give incentives to certain domains.
To give you an example, the use of land to produce biofuel (which is highly
subsidized) has great consequences for the food supply.

The other thing which could be done is unilateral free trade and support for
entrepreneurship.

Canada supports free trade in principle, but it still protects what it sees as
its interests in negotiations, and recently raised tariffs on goods from many
developing countries.

Lots of organizations in foreign aid give tools to have people start their own
business, but protectionism, lack of good property rights and "managed trade'
makes starting a business in many developing countries a very difficult task.

Everybody has good intentions, but charity is not the only or even the best way
to help people living in poorer countries. A better way would be to have
policies to actually help those living in these countries.

Giving a set amount of money in the national budget is easy, but having good
policies takes much more political courage.

Courage, which sadly, because of the lobbying and corporatism involved, very few
western governments have if they want to get re-elected.

Mathieu Vaillancourt is a writer and policy analyst with a degree in
international development. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            December 31, 2010 Friday

Four Wisconsin Agribusinesses Honored With Governor's Award for Excellence in
Energy Management

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 31 -- Floral Plant Growers, LLC, McMillan Farms, Peterson's Dairy
LLC, and Rosendale Dairy were recently honored for earning the prestigious
Governor's Award for Excellence in Energy Management. This award recognizes
businesses dedicated to adopting energy-efficient and sustainable practices in
Wisconsin.

With the help of Focus on Energy, Wisconsin's statewide program for energy
efficiency and renewable energy, in partnership with Alliant Energy, Marshfield
Utilities, Oconto Electric Cooperative, We Energies, and Wisconsin Public
Service, these four Wisconsin agribusinesses launched aggressive energy-saving
efforts and continue to investigate new technologies and find more ways to save
energy throughout their businesses.

Since 2008, Floral Plant Growers, LLC of Denmark, Wis. has saved more than
144,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity and 211,000 therms of natural gas
annually. To reduce energy use in its greenhouses, Floral Plant Growers, LLC
installed power-vented unit heaters and replaced double poly film roof glazing
with double infrared (IR) poly film; upgraded to energy-efficient lighting; and
installed occupancy sensors. Floral Plant Growers, LLC is also keeping up with
preventive maintenance, utilizing thermal blankets, and reducing air
infiltration. These efforts add up to $240,000 in annual energy cost savings.

"Energy is a significant cost driver at Floral Plant Growers, LLC so finding
ways to reduce natural gas and electricity costs is just one way we are working
to become a more sustainable company while ensuring we are here for our
customers for many years to come," said Scott Lueder, Floral Plant Growers, LLC
president.

Since 2009, McMillan Farms of Marshfield, Wis. has saved more than 6,000 kWh of
electricity annually. To reduce energy use, McMillan Farms upgraded a
low-efficiency continuous cross-flow grain dryer to a high-efficiency mixed-flow
grain dryer. These efforts add up to $11,000 in annual energy cost savings.

"Grain drying can be very energy intensive," said Larry Scheuer, McMillan Farms
owner. "The new mixed-flow grain dryer will certainly help save energy and money
on my utility bill."

Since 2008, Peterson's Dairy LLC of Lena, Wis. has saved more than 147,000 kWh
of electricity annually. To reduce energy use, Peterson's Dairy LLC installed a
plate heat exchanger on its milk pipeline; added a variable-frequency drive on
its milk vacuum pumps; and is utilizing a plate heat exchanger on its well water
pre-cooler. These efforts add up to $11,000 in annual energy cost savings.

"In talking with an energy advisor from Focus on Energy, I learned that we can
make changes with big results," said Arne Peterson, Peterson's Dairy LLC owner.
"The energy efficient equipment will pay for itself in one and a half to five
years."

Since 2009, Rosendale Dairy of Pickett, Wis. has saved more than 3.6 million kWh
of electricity and 6,000 therms of natural gas annually. To reduce energy use,
Rosendale Dairy utilizes heat-recovery tanks; invested in plate heat exchangers
on its milk pipelines; added variable-frequency drives on its dairy vacuum pumps
and milk transfer pumps; upgraded to energy-efficient lighting; installed an
energy efficient water heater; and installed energy-efficient livestock
waterers. These efforts add up to $288,000 in annual energy cost savings.

"Rosendale Dairy is always looking for ways in which it can be more efficient in
every aspect, especially in energy use," said Todd Willer, Rosendale Dairy
partner. "This is crucial to us as a business as well as a part of Wisconsin's
business community and in our relationship with all of our neighbors."

The efficiency efforts of these four agribusinesses combined will save enough
energy in one year to power more than 600 Wisconsin homes for a year and are
equivalent to offsetting more than 11,550 barrels of oil from being
burned-eliminating 9.1 million pounds of carbon dioxide (CO2) from being
released into the atmosphere.

"We're proud to honor Floral Plant Growers, LLC, McMillan Farms, Peterson's
Dairy LLC, and Rosendale Dairy with the Governor's Award for Excellence in
Energy Management," said Ken Williams, Focus on Energy's business programs
director. "We applaud their commitment to the environment and recognize them as
positive examples for other businesses to follow." Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           December 20, 2005, Tuesday
                                 First Edition

RURAL MATTERS : Is Labour keeping grant interest

BYLINE: Sarah Probert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 505 words


The Government has denied generating millions of pounds in interest by delaying
new grants to farmers.

Ludlow MP Philip Dunne claimed the Government was making more than pounds
17million in interest from the pounds 1.5bn in European subsidies.

In a written parliamentary question, the Conservative MP asked what the
Government was planning to do with the interest.

Farmers in other member states, including Wales, received their Single Farm
Payments this month, but farmers in England were told they would have to wait
until February at the earliest due to problems with computer systems at the
Rural Payments Agency.

Mr Dunne said: "My understanding is the Government has got the money. It is
unfair to withhold payments, which in most cases is months rather than weeks.

"These late SPS payments could lead to some farmers not being able to meet
payment obligations due.

"Is the Government/DEFRA looking to reimburse the farmer for interest foregone
or overdraft charges incurred, or planning to use the interest to employ extra
or better qualified staff to sort out the DEFRA problems that are holding up
payments A spokeswoman for the Rural Payments Agency said: "There is no
interest, we don't make money by not making the payment window. The funds are
due to be paid to us by the European Commission."

Meanwhile farming groups fear there could be further delays after the RPA sent
out letters several days ago to farmers who had already submitted maps and forms
claiming they had not sent their details.

The RPA said 5,200 farmers have not submitted Ordnance Survey maps to support
their claims and therefore would not receive their grants Any further delays in
payments would force many farmers into financial hardship, the NFU and Country
Land and Business Association warned.

The Single Payment Scheme was introduced as part of Common Agricultural Policy
reforms, with cash given to farmers for the amount of land they farm rather than
how much they produce.

Frances Beatty, regional director of the West Midlands Country Land and Business
Association, fears the Government may further delay payments due to problems at
the RPA.

She said: "Going on the experience of their performance to date, and you only
have to look at the chaos at the whole thing to have a view that farmers are
going to be less than convinced at RPA to meet the latest deadline.

"Farmers are going to be in the most dreadful situation unless they do sort out
these problems.

"It is a cash flow situation and goes back to the question of who benefits from
the interest."

Charlie Morton, policy advisor for the NFU West Midlands, said: "The target is
still officially February 14 but I do think it is quite possible it will slip
but they are not saying at the moment.

"Farmers are in absolutely dire straits.

"There is a massive problem and although the banks have largely been supportive
it is really small farmers who are most likely suffering because they don't have
agricultural bank managers and instead have high street bank managers who don't
know what is going on

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bulletin (Bend, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 8, 2008 Tuesday

Central Oregon's farmers look warily upon crops for biodiesel

BYLINE: Jeff McDonald, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1234 words


Jan. 8--TERREBONNE -- Central Oregon's approximately 8 inches of annual rainfall
are not enough for most crops to grow without irrigation.

But Marc Thalacker, owner of Buckhorn Ranch west of Terrebonne and manager of
Three Sisters Irrigation District, thinks he has found a drought- and
frost-resistant crop that could restore stream flows to the Deschutes Basin and
give farmers in the region a foothold in the emerging alternative fuels market.

This spring, Thalacker will grow about 60 acres of camelina, an oilseed crop, to
test whether it could be grown in Central Oregon and how much oilseed it would
produce.

"There are almost no crops that grow dryland aside from weeds," Thalacker said.
"It's not a big money crop, but the [growing costs] are low, and the potential
benefit is that people could start making biodiesel locally."

Biodiesel production in Oregon could help offset rising diesel costs, which have
gone up about 50 cents per gallon in the last year, according to AAA
Oregon/Idaho. AAA reported that diesel prices averaged $3.42 per gallon last
week, compared with $2.93 a year ago.

An emerging biodiesel industry in Oregon also could help national security
through development of a domestic renewable fuel and decrease greenhouse gas
emissions, according to the Oregon Department of Agriculture's Web site,
www.oregon.gov/ODA.

But some agricultural officials and farmers are not convinced that the oilseed
crop is much more than a weed itself and say the crop would not be profitable at
a time when other crop prices are at all-time highs.

"Agronomically, we can grow the plant," said Don Wysocki, a soil scientist with
Oregon State University Extension Service, based in Pendleton. "It seems clear
that it will grow well in Umatilla, Morrow and Sherman counties, but they don't
have the experience in Central Oregon. There's nothing to tell me it would do
well there."

A greater factor is the economics of the crop, which would compete for land with
other crops, such as wheat, that have seen their prices surge, Wysocki said.
Wheat prices have more than tripled, exceeding $13 per bushel in the last year.

There also would need to be a market for selling the meal byproduct left over
after crushing the seed into oil, he said. Only about 30 percent of the seed
results in oil for biodiesel; the rest is meal byproduct.

"Eastern Oregon farmers will experiment on small acreages, but with the price of
wheat, they aren't going to buy many acres," Wysocki said. "The economics aren't
favorable. There will be a few thousand acres is my guess."

But the potential for the oilseed crop is there, said Thalacker, who first wants
to test if the crop can be grown successfully and what yield it will bring. And
the market could change, he said.

"The biofuels industry is in its infancy -- it's going to expand and eventually
include other crops," Thalacker said. "Learning how to grow those crops is a
very important part of ag."

Oregon's biodiesel incentive programs, which took effect Jan. 1, 2007, will pay
farmers 5 cents per bushel for growing crops for biodiesel production and will
help farmers, Thalacker said.

Thalacker sees the dryland crop as a way to boost water conservation and improve
stream flows for steelhead trout and chinook salmon in Whychus Creek and the
Crooked River.

Thalacker plans to contract with Cincinnati-based Great Plains Oil & Exploration
Inc., which has worked with Montana farmers for the past three or four years, he
said.

The crop will not make as much money as wheat, but it would be a good
alternative to leaving the ground fallow, he said.

"It can act as weed control when you plant the crop and harvest it. It's
probably very easy to control," Thalacker said.

Crop management is one area that concerns Rex Barber Jr., managing partner of
Big Falls Ranch, located a stone's throw from Thalacker's property off Lower
Bridge Way.

Barber fears the crop -- which is related to other crops in the brassica family,
such as mustard seed and cabbage -- could be susceptible to weeds or would
promote weed growth.

"I researched it," he said. "I didn't want to plant a weed that is in the same
family as mustard seed crops. I don't see it as being the kind of crop that we
want to introduce in Central Oregon. I don't think it will yield the same as
other crops. I don't see it as being viable."

A Central Oregon agriculture official also had concerns about camelina's success
in an irrigated area, where other crops can be more successful.

"I'm sure [camelina] will grow in Central Oregon, but it's never going to yield
as well as canola," said Brian Duggan, a crop physiologist for Oregon State
University Extension Service, based in Madras. "It doesn't produce as high
quality of oil as canola, and it's not as high-yielding."

Growing canola for seed production would take advantage of local knowledge and
could be profitable, said Duggan. So far, only about 70 acres of canola are
being grown in Central Oregon for hybrid seed production, Duggan said.

But the camelina farmers would not compete heavily with farmers who grow canola
on irrigated lands, said Duane Johnson, vice president for agricultural
development for Great Plains. Johnson is based in the company's research and
development offices in Big Fork, Mont.

Great Plains has started a campaign to ramp up production to between 50,000 and
60,000 acres in Montana and to produce a similar amount this year in Oregon,
mostly in Eastern Oregon, Johnson said.

"We're not going to target canola production areas," Johnson said. "We're only
going to compete on dryland production. Central Oregon should work well.
Virtually all of Eastern Oregon should work. We don't want too much rain because
it can cause diseases."

Weeds would be easy to manage because, unlike canola, which can remain dormant
in the soil, camelina germinates upon first rainfall and doesn't linger in the
soil after it's harvested, Johnson said.

"The crop competes in dryland areas very well -- it's easy to chemically spray
out," he said. "There's also no risk of cross-pollination. It's a totally
different species and genus from other brassicas."

Great Plains is looking to build a crushing plant and biodiesel processing
facility somewhere in Oregon, Johnson said. The company could tap the Oregon
Department of Energy's Business Energy Tax Credits program to defray some of the
plant's capital costs.

In July, the company will open a plant in Havere, Mont., capable of producing
about 13,157 gallons of biodiesel per day, he said.

The company is still trying to establish contracts with growers in Idaho,
Washington and Oregon, Johnson said.

The contracts would run $6.50 to $8 per bushel plus a $10-per-acre signing
bonus, he said. Most acres would yield between 22 and 30 bushels, he said.

"Most farmers are probably not going to risk it in Central Oregon because they
have no experience," Johnson said. "Farmers are going to be somewhat cautious,
but we wouldn't be there if there wasn't a market.

There's a ready market [for biodiesel] in Portland."

To see more of The Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bendbulletin.com Copyright (c) 2008, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080108-BB-BIODIESEL-CROPS-20080108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                          Copyright 2008 The Bulletin


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Boom harvest brings farm spending choice

SECTION: FARM BUSINESS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 366 words


MORE than three years ago, I wrote how WA farmers were faring during one of the
"worst droughts on record".

"The length and savageness of this drought has put some farmers under severe
financial pressure while others have been pushed to the brink of despair," this
column wrote.

But the plight of WA's agricultural sector in 2010 was, in economic terms at
least, obscured by the State's mining bonanza.

How strange it is, then, to read this February 1, Australian Financial Review
headline: "Record WA wheat harvest offsets end of mining boom".

The 2013 WA wheat harvest has been extraordinary, particularly given, as an ABC
story published on the last day of the past year pointed out, "many farmers...
at one point, were looking like not having a crop to harvest at all".

WA Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston noted that after "some very average
and low yield years it's encouraging to not only experience a good year, but to
see records fall".

"This is obviously good for the farmers, their families and their rural
communities and provides valuable export income to the Western Australian
economy," Mr Baston said.

While it's important to remember the bumper WA harvest has not been evenly
distributed (favouring the south rather than the north-eastern region), many
farming families will experience the largest influx of money they have seen for
years.

Farmers are used to extreme income volatility but many will be tempted to treat
the cash inflow as a spending opportunity - a chance to purchase farm machinery
or buy more land.

But it may not be the best financial decision to plough everything back into the
farm.

Integro is urging farming clients with such a positive cash flow to keep their
broader, long-term plan in mind.

WA farmers are in a great position to diversify with off-farm assets, boost
their wealth creation efforts in and out of super, fund their kids' education or
reduce debt - a critical factor, especially as interest rates may likely go up.

It is undoubtedly better to be writing about the "greatest harvest ever" rather
than the "worst drought on record" but we can't forget the gap between the two
events was only three years, and each brings their own set of challenges.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Boom harvest brings farm spending choice

SECTION: FARM BUSINESS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 366 words


MORE than three years ago, I wrote how WA farmers were faring during one of the
"worst droughts on record".

"The length and savageness of this drought has put some farmers under severe
financial pressure while others have been pushed to the brink of despair," this
column wrote.

But the plight of WA's agricultural sector in 2010 was, in economic terms at
least, obscured by the State's mining bonanza.

How strange it is, then, to read this February 1, Australian Financial Review
headline: "Record WA wheat harvest offsets end of mining boom".

The 2013 WA wheat harvest has been extraordinary, particularly given, as an ABC
story published on the last day of the past year pointed out, "many farmers...
at one point, were looking like not having a crop to harvest at all".

WA Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston noted that after "some very average
and low yield years it's encouraging to not only experience a good year, but to
see records fall".

"This is obviously good for the farmers, their families and their rural
communities and provides valuable export income to the Western Australian
economy," Mr Baston said.

While it's important to remember the bumper WA harvest has not been evenly
distributed (favouring the south rather than the north-eastern region), many
farming families will experience the largest influx of money they have seen for
years.

Farmers are used to extreme income volatility but many will be tempted to treat
the cash inflow as a spending opportunity - a chance to purchase farm machinery
or buy more land.

But it may not be the best financial decision to plough everything back into the
farm.

Integro is urging farming clients with such a positive cash flow to keep their
broader, long-term plan in mind.

WA farmers are in a great position to diversify with off-farm assets, boost
their wealth creation efforts in and out of super, fund their kids' education or
reduce debt - a critical factor, especially as interest rates may likely go up.

It is undoubtedly better to be writing about the "greatest harvest ever" rather
than the "worst drought on record" but we can't forget the gap between the two
events was only three years, and each brings their own set of challenges.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 16, 1993, Friday, City Edition

Clinton warns aid won't pay all losses

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; FLOOD NOTEBOOK; THE MIDWEST FLOOD; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill.



Midwest floods may cause $ 5-billion to $ 10-billion in damages, President
Clinton said Thursday, but he warned people not to expect government to pay  for
everything.

"There is a big distinction between aggregate loss and what is normally
compensable by federal programs," he said.

Some aid, such as low-interest loans, would not cover full losses. Some aid
requires matching money from state and local government. Some types of losses
may not be covered at all.

Clinton will fly to St. Louis on Saturday on his third visit to the flooded
Midwest. He will meet with governors and other officials.

The $ 2.5-billion Clinton has requested for emergency flood relief could
increase, the president said after meeting flood-state lawmakers on Capitol
Hill. But Clinton did not say by how much.

The largest chunk, about $ 1-billion, would go to disaster relief  administered
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The bill also includes  spending for road
and bridge repairs and rebuilding of damaged dams and other  flood control
works.

Gambling goes on

as river rises

EAST ST. LOUIS, Ill. - The Mississippi River rose, rolling storm clouds
blackened the sky and Loesteen Jenkins fed quarters into slot machines on the
floating Casino Queen.

"The way I look at it is, life goes on," said Jenkins, who won nearly  $ 200.
"There's always something going on somewhere. People are having  funerals
everyday. But life doesn't stop."

The 57-foot-tall riverboat gaming hall normally takes cruises from its  mooring
facing the St. Louis Arch and skyline, but now the river is so high it  can't
make it under a bridge. "We'd go right through it," said Michael  Gaughan, owner
and operator.

Floodgates protecting a tunnel that served as the casino's entrance had to  be
closed, but a makeshift walkway and ramp have kept a strong flow of  customers.
About 5,000 gamblers show up daily despite the flood, Gaughan said.

Scott Nobbe, who farms in Waterloo, 20 miles south of here, took a break  from
the quarter and dollar slots to watch the swirling river from the  observation
deck. His trip to the riverboat was in part a reward.

"I've been helping people move livestock out of the bottom," he said,
describing the effort to get about 200 hogs away from a levee. "I don't feel
guilty."  How to help

Here are some relief agencies collecting money for flood victims. Checks  should
be earmarked for Midwest flood victims:

American Red Cross, Disaster Relief Fund, P.O. Box 37243, Washington, DC  20013.
Credit-card donations: (800) 842-2200. Spanish-language: (800)  257-7575.

American Friends Service Committee, 92 Piedmont Ave. N.E., Atlanta, GA  30303.
Telephone: (404) 586-0460.

Disaster Relief Fund of B'nai B'rith, 1640 Rhode Island Ave. N.W.,  Washington,
DC 20036.

Catholic Charities USA, Disaster Response, Midwest Flood Relief Processing
Center, 13331 Pennsylvania Ave., Hagerstown, MD 21742.

Church World Service, Box 968, Elkhart, IN 46515.

Episcopal Church Center, Presiding Bishop's Fund for World Relief, 815  Second
Ave., New York, NY 10017.

Southern Baptist Brotherhood Commission, 1548 Poplar Ave., Memphis, TN  38104.
(901) 272-2461. Accepting donations for water purification equipment.

World Relief, P.O. Box WRC, Wheaton IL, 60189. (800) 535-5433.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 January 22, 1999, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Tobacco companies agree to trust fund for farmers

BYLINE: Peter Mantius

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 279 words


Four major tobacco companies agreed Thursday to establish a $ 5.1 billion trust
fund to compensate farmers as part of a liability claims settlement the industry
entered late last year with more than 40 states.

Five Southern governors, led by Georgia's Roy Barnes, negotiated the final
details of the trust fund in Raleigh.

"Barnes ended up being point man for the states," said Georgia Agriculture
Commissioner Tommy Irvin. "He used his trial lawyer's skills against the CEO of
R.J. Reynolds Tobacco."

Irvin said RJR had been resisting the trust fund approach because of admitted
cash-flow problems. He said Barnes reminded the tobacco official that his
company had committed to the master agreement, including some compensation for
farmers.

As an alternative to cash compensation to growers, RJR proposed to buy increased
amounts of tobacco from U.S. growers. But that plan died after Philip Morris,
Brown & Williamson and Lorillard preferred the trust fund approach, Irvin said.

The Southern states had sought $ 5.1 billion for farmers over 10 years to
compensate them for declining demand for their tobacco. In a compromise reached
Thursday for the benefit of RJR, early payout requirements were reduced and
total payouts were stretched to 12 years.

Irvin said money might be made available to farmers, based on tobacco quotas,
within a month.

Barnes' chief of staff, Bobby Kahn, said the governor will back a bill to
formally adopt the main tobacco settlement. Kahn said the state doesn't expect
to receive those funds until late this year or early next year. He said Barnes
is committed to using the tobacco settlement money for health care.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday
                                Chennai Edition

Rs 9K crore deposited in dist co-op banks in just five days after demonetisation

BYLINE: Freny Fernandes & Shrutika Sukhi

SECTION: TIMES NATION | BLACK OUT?

LENGTH: 421 words


Either the rural economy is extremely robust or farming is possibly the most
lucrative of occupations. A staggering '9,000-plus crore worth deposits were
made in select district central cooperative banks (DCCB) across 17 states in a
short span of five days from November 10\xAD15 last month after demonetisation.

Perennially ailing with accumulated losses and large NPAs, these DCCBs suddenly
turned cash-rich as they

mopped up a stunning147 croreplus demonetised notes of '500 and '1,000
denomination.

Days after this flow of deposits into politically-controlled financial outfits
at the district level, policy-makers in the North Block and RBI stopped the
DCCBs from accepting any more deposits of demonetised currency . However, the

five-day-window from the date of demonetisation to the ban proved a godsend for
those with connections in the DCCBs to convert their wealth into legit cash, say
experts.

Dr K G Karmakar, former managing director of NABARD, said, \x93For many years,
DCCBs have been hunting grounds for politicians who

open accounts in the name of farmers and use them for money laundering,'' he
said, adding, \x93It is impossible that a farmer, in any part of the nation, who
survives on loans for every sowing season has so much cash stashed away .''
Officials are particularly surprised about the deposits of over '1,800 crore in
DDCBs in Kerala, where agriculture is on the brink of collapse and the economy
is largely driven by remittances from the Gulf.

\x93The DCCBs in Kerala mostly serve the small and marginal farmers and small
businesses. It is worth investigating how these loan-dependent depositors
suddenly turned rich and deposited '1,810 crore in a matter of five days,'' a
top bureaucrat told TOI.

Ditto in Punjab where the 20-plus DCCBs recorded a

whopping '1,268 crore deposits comprising banned '500 and '1,000 denomination
notes.

Maharashtra, which has seen steady decline in the cooperative movement and
politicisation of district level banks, ranked third highest with its DCCBs
securing '1,128 crore between November 10 and 14.

\x93Farmers in Maharashtra are consuming pesticide as they are unable to repay
debts to loan sharks. These small and marginal farmers, who form the largest
depositor base of the 31 DCCBs in the state, barely manage to provide for their
families. The deposits reveal how the institution of the DCCB has once again
been exploited by political overlords controlling them to convert their cash
into white money ,'' a top official from the state agriculture department said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           October 10, 2002, Thursday

Deadlock delays flow of emergency grants

BYLINE: Chris Jones

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 275 words


AUSTRALIA'S agriculture ministers will try today to negotiate a deal to break a
five-month deadlock that has delayed the introduction of new drought-relief
measures.

State governments have refused to sign off on the Exceptional Circumstances
Scheme, which would offer grants of up to $60,000 to drought-affected farmers,
because the Commonwealth has insisted the states cover half the cost of running
part of the scheme.

In the past, farmers were only able to use exceptional circumstances grants to
subsidise interest repayments on loans, but the deal would allow farmers to use
the money to pay off debt, buy grain, fodder or cover the cost of other
operating expenses.

However, the overhaul of the drought-relief program has been in limbo since May,
with the states opposing a condition that they pay half of the business-support
segment of the package, raising their contribution from 4 per cent to about 17
per cent.

State Opposition Leader Mike Horan yesterday called on Primary Industries
Minister Henry Palaszczuk to "take a little pain" and agree to the scheme at
today's meeting with federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss and other state
ministers.

"There's a hell of a frustration out there and I think people are getting sick
of the State Government passing the buck on to Canberra on this issue," Mr Horan
said.

"The drought is of such a dimension that the state and federal governments just
both need to bury the hatchet and negotiate an outcome on EC."

A spokesman for Mr Palaszczuk yesterday said the Government shared Mr Horan's
concerns about the delay and hoped Mr Horan had raised the issue with Mr Truss.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Union calls for fair share' of CAP support cash

BYLINE: Andrew Arbuckle

LENGTH: 534  words


With rising disquiet over the deal announced last week on Scotland's share of
the new common agricultural policy (CAP) cash, NFU Scotland yesterday held a
crucial meeting with Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael.

Central to their discussions was the additional money allocated by Europe to
help member states towards a target level of support of [#x20ac]196 (£164.40)
per hectare by 2019.

Currently Scottish farmers get about [#x20ac]100 per hectare when their single
farm payments are translated to an acreage basis, one of the lowest rates in the
EU, and it was expected Scotland would get a larger share of the UK allocation
of so-called "convergence" money to help towards the [#x20ac]196 target.

Following yesterday's meeting, NFU Scotland said it believed that the budget
allocation announced last week had presented an opportunity to start that
process.

Instead, the convergence uplift received by the UK was shared between the
regions in what the union described as a "desperately disappointing" decision.

Scotland already has a promise from UK Secretary of State for the Environment,
Food and Rural Affairs, Owen Paterson, that there will be a review of internal
allocation of CAP funds in 2016 and this would be concluded by 2017.

But after yesterday's talks, NFUS boss Nigel Miller revealed that the union had
asked that the money that would have been coming north under convergence now
came north under a new heading of an "advanced budget transfer". It is estimated
this sum would amount to [#x20ac]11 million in 2015.

"After the deeply disappointing announcement on Friday, we secured this early
meeting to underline the importance of moving the convergence process on," said
Miller. "That is a process that must see money flow into Scotland if we are to
meet EU objectives on convergence.

"We need to fully address the competitive disadvantage that Scottish producers
are facing.

"The announcement of the review process means that, for the first time, the
issue of convergence is being taken seriously. However, that review process must
be robust, it must be made transparent; have an independent review group to
determine budget allocations and have a fixed end date for when the transition
will be completed.

"We have laid down a marker stating that, until the review is complete, there
should be an advanced budget transfer of [#x20ac]11m to Scotland to provide a
stable platform for our producers. This is the convergence money the UK
government will receive in 2015."

The added complication for Scotland is that the convergence money is only due on
an area basis and Scotland will have to have their conversion from historic
support payments towards area payments settled before the convergence money is
applicable.

It is believed the union will also approach Europe to ensure that the move taken
by the UK is legal.

Meanwhile the Welsh farm minister, Alun Davies, welcomed the UK deal. He told
Welsh Assembly members how he had helped resist demands from Scotland for extra
support.

"Scotland made a vociferous case to secure a much larger share of the UK budget
but I opposed that because I felt it was unfair to Wales.

"I am very pleased that the Secretary of State agrees and has split the UK
budget in the way I proposed."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Maple houses tap sweet opportunity;
Bad winters in Canada have driven supplies down and prices up, and Maine syrup
producers hope to take advantage.

BYLINE: BETH QUIMBY Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1295 words


Normally, southern Maine's sugarhouses are hibernating in January.

The largely mom-and-pop operations don't tap sugar maples until the sap starts
to flow, usually around the third week of February.

But this year, maple syrup fever is raging across the state thanks to a shortage
of the sweet amber liquid. This January, prices have soared and syrup makers are
racing to increase production, laying new sap lines and preparing to tap more
trees than ever before.

''A lot of people are starting up earlier,'' said Lyle Merrifield of Gorham, a
maple syrup producer who also sells syrup-making equipment and serves as
president of the Southern Maine Sugarmakers Association.

The shortage has been caused by a string of bad seasons in Canada and a growing
international taste for maple products. Canada produces 85 percent of the
world's maple syrup, 90 percent of that in Quebec.

''If maple syrup is like oil, then Quebec is like OPEC,'' said George Criner,
director of the University of Maine's School of Economics.

Quebec growers organized about 40 years ago into the Federation of Quebec Maple
Syrup Producers, which today oversees 10,000 producers in the province.

TECHNOLOGY RESULTED IN GLUT

Technological advances such as reverse osmosis and vacuum piping increased
production sharply, creating a glut that had kept prices below the pace of
inflation, said Criner. Reverse osmosis removes much of the water from the sap,
decreasing boiling time, while vacuum piping sucks the sap from a tree more
quickly than the drip method and doesn't require hand collection.

Because of that glut, the federation instituted a quota system, limiting how
much syrup each grower is allowed to produce. The federation also manages the
supply to keep prices high. But three years of bad syrup-making weather in
Canada have tapped out the reserves.

Maple producers in northern Maine also were hit hard the past few winters,
especially last year when frigid temperatures and deep snow interfered with the
collection and flow of sap. Sap flows depend on warm, sunny days and
below-freezing nights.

Normally, Maine has been the second-largest syrup-producing state in the
country, after Vermont. In 2006, Maine produced 300,000 gallons worth $7.2
million, compared with Vermont's 460,000 gallons worth $13 million.

In 2008, Maine produced only 215,000 gallons, 4 percent less than in 2007. The
dollar value has not yet been calculated by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Maine finished third in 2008 syrup production behind New York's 322,000 gallons,
according to Agriculture Department figures.

Maine's decline - it was the only state to see production drop last year - has
been blamed on severe cold in the large production areas to the north. Southern
Maine and other parts of New England, New York, Ohio and other states had solid
yields. New England production in 2008 was 870,000 gallons, up 13 percent from
2007.

U.S. production totaled 1.64 million gallons, up 30 percent from the year
before, according to Agriculture Department figures. But the increase was not
enough to offset the 4.8 percent drop in Canada, which produced 4.9 million
gallons last year.

At the same time, world demand for maple syrup has been growing, with new
markets in Japan and Germany, largely because of marketing by the Canadians.
Their exports increased 15 percent from 2005 to 2007, to $156 million annually.

The shortage has doubled the price of maple syrup in some categories, said
Michael Bryant, who operates Hilltop Boilers in Newfield and is a former
president of the Maine Maple Producers Association.

A quart of maple syrup is going for about $14.50 at the retail level, up from $8
last year, while bulk prices are about $45 per gallon, compared with $24 a
gallon last year, Bryant said. Many sugarhouses buy in bulk when their own
reserves run out.

'THERE IS NO SUPPLY'

Some of Maine's largest maple syrup operations have run out of syrup.

''Basically, there is no supply, and there is no syrup available until next
season,'' said Jeremy Steeves, who produces on average about 8,000 gallons a
year at his family's Strawberry Hill Farms in Skowhegan.

Last season, his production was down 40 percent. Steeves said the weak American
dollar exacerbated the situation.

''Buyers from Canada came down here and bought where they normally don't,'' he
said.

Maple syrup is still available in stores, and restaurants can still buy it from
their wholesalers and from some smaller operations in southern Maine that kept
some of last season's product on hand.

Gile's Family Farm in Alfred has plenty of syrup, said Frank Boucher, co-owner.
It is priced at $42 a gallon, up from $36 last year, but about $3 below the
wholesale price. Boucher said people wouldn't buy it if it were priced any
higher.

Pricing is a touchy subject among producers. Like Michael Smith, president of
the Maine Maple Syrup Producers Association, many producers worry that if prices
go too high, customers will switch to other sweeteners, such a corn syrup.

''I hate the thought of it,'' said Smith, who runs Mike's Maplehouse in
Winthrop.

Restaurants are keenly aware of the high price of maple syrup. Joe Cattogio,
owner of Bintliff's American Cafe in Portland, goes through five gallons every
two weeks. He charges extra for real maple syrup, and even though he increased
the price of syrup from $1.50 to $1.75 this year, the restaurant is still losing
money on the item.

He said he sells it anyway because customers expect the real thing. ''We decided
to eat the cost,'' he said.

PLANNING TO INCREASE PRODUCTION

Maple syrup producers are scrambling to take advantage of the high prices,
increasing their production capacity for the coming season. Gile's Family Farm
is adding 500 new taps this winter, bringing the total to 2,500. That should
yield about 125 more gallons of syrup, said Boucher.

Matt Roy of Royal Maple in Buxton is tripling his taps from 850 last year to
2,500 this year and hoping to buy sap as well to boost his production.

''It's definitely because of the prices,'' he said.

Nobody knows how long the prices will hold. Much depends on the weather.

Merrifield, who is adding 100 taps this season, is looking for a sustained boom.

''We might have a good three to four years to get everyone's supplies back up,''
said Merrifield.

Steeves gives the boom another year or two, as Canadians continue to buy up the
American supply to build back their reserves.

Katherine Hopkins, maple syrup production educator for the University of Maine
Cooperative Extension Service in Somerset County, said the ice storm last month
devastated the maple trees in New Hampshire and Massachusetts, which will
depress production in those states this season.

But Tig Tillinghast, a producer in Thetford, Vt., who follows the industry on
his blog, http://flavorchase.tillinghastmaple.com, expects prices to drop back
down to $36 a gallon this season.

He said that drop will be caused by falling global demand. Some food processors
who have used maple syrup as a flavoring will switch to less-expensive imitation
products.

He said the drop in demand also will be driven by the fading popularity of the
maple syrup diet touted by singer/actress Beyonce and other celebrities.
Tillinghast describes the diet as a ''terribly disgusting fad weight-loss
program that is best not described.'' It involves drinking a concoction of maple
syrup, lemon juice and cayenne pepper.

Tillinghast said the rush to increase production this year also will boost
supplies. The Quebec federation raised the quota for its members this season by
12 percent.

''It is the classic agricultural market phenomenon. You have a boom in prices,
and everyone has this clever idea to make three times as much,'' he said.


Staff Writer Beth Quimby can be contacted at 791-6363 or at:

bquimby@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos by Gregory Rec/Staff Photographer
Stephen Gile attaches tubing to a support wire on Carpenter Hill in Alfred on
Thursday. His father, Alden Gile, holds tubes at left. Stephen Gile is a
co-owner of Gile's Family Farm, which is adding 500 taps this winter, for a
total of 2,500.
2005 staff file photo
Maple sap bags await a recent season's first flow at Harris Farm in Dayton.
Syrup producers are tapping more trees this year to take advantage of high
prices.
2007 file photo/Morning Sentinel
Jeremy Steeves boils sap two seasons ago. He produces an average of 8,000
gallons of syrup a year at Strawberry Hill Farms in Skowhegan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           January 28, 2016 Thursday

Blue gum workshop at Frankland

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 288 words


A FREE app has been developed which will simplify crop irrigation in WA, saving
growers time, effort and money.

The Irrigate WA app draws on real-time data from the State's 136 weather
stations to help growers schedule their watering time, volume and duration.

Agriculture and Food Minister Ken Baston said growers could tailor the
easy-to-use app to individual paddock requirements to optimise water use and
crop potential.

"Fruit and vegetable growers, as well as pasture producers and turf providers,
can use the app to water their crops at the right time with the right amount of
water on any given day," Mr Baston said.

The app takes into account the production area, soil and crop type, irrigation
system, plus daily rainfall and evaporation rates to determine the appropriate
irrigation rates and schedule.

It also provides a field diary for growers to track water meter readings and to
record harvest details, which they can use to develop benchmarks for water use
efficiency.

Developed by the Department of Agriculture and Food, the app is part of the
Royalties for Regions $78.205 million Regional Development Water and Natural
Resource Management initiative that aims to drive improved irrigation practices
and build sustainability in agriculture businesses.

Regional Development Minister Terry Redman said the app would benefit irrigated
agriculture growers and associated businesses throughout the State.

"It is important we facilitate the growth of irrigated agriculture in WA to
create economic diversity in our regions," Mr Redman said.

"Through this and other strategic initiatives, Royalties for Regions is growing
WA's agrifood businesses and capturing new market opportunities to ensure a
strong and sustainable future."

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               November 12, 2010

BYLINE: Olivia Cooper

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 197 words


Q Oilseed rape prices have jumped by £10/t over the past week, putting the
Farmers Weekly spot value at about £343/t ex-farm. That is £123/t above the same
time last year, and the highest level since July 2008.

Markets rose following a bullish report by the US Department of Agriculture, and
renewed interest in commodity futures. "In the USA, the Federal Reserve's
decision to re-start quantitative easing has prompted a huge flow of investment
money away from equities and into commodities," said Jonathan Lane, trading
manager at Gleadell Agriculture.

"Along with strong domestic and export demand for US soya beans, we continue to
see this market moving higher."

Feed wheat values had also improved, although the pre-Christmas discount
continued to widen due to lack of domestic buying demand, said traders. Although
London futures indicated a £3/t carry from November to January, physical trade
was almost non-existent pre-Christmas. Compounders were well covered in nearby
months, putting spot values at about £163/t ex-farm - a discount to January of
about £8/t.

Meanwhile, the HCGA's "early bird" survey has forecast a 3% rise in UK wheat
area for harvest 2011, to 1.98m hectares.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2010 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                November 5, 2010

BYLINE: Olivia Cooper

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 197 words


Q Oilseed rape prices have jumped by £10/t over the past week, putting the
Farmers Weekly spot value at about £343/t ex-farm. That is £123/t above the same
time last year, and the highest level since July 2008.

Markets rose following a bullish report by the US Department of Agriculture, and
renewed interest in commodity futures. "In the USA, the Federal Reserve's
decision to re-start quantitative easing has prompted a huge flow of investment
money away from equities and into commodities," said Jonathan Lane, trading
manager at Gleadell Agriculture.

"Along with strong domestic and export demand for US soya beans, we continue to
see this market moving higher."

Feed wheat values had also improved, although the pre-Christmas discount
continued to widen due to lack of domestic buying demand, said traders. Although
London futures indicated a £3/t carry from November to January, physical trade
was almost non-existent pre-Christmas. Compounders were well covered in nearby
months, putting spot values at about £163/t ex-farm - a discount to January of
about £8/t.

Meanwhile, the HCGA's "early bird" survey has forecast a 3% rise in UK wheat
area for harvest 2011, to 1.98m hectares.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2010 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Dumfries and Galloway Standard

                               December 16, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Minister 'dithering' over EU farm cash;
MSP claims agricultural businesses being put at risk

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 360 words


Jackie Grant Farmers across the region are facing major money problems after it
was confirmed only a quarter of them will receive payments under the new Common
Agricultural Policy (CAP) before the New Year.

Dumfriesshire MSP Elaine Murray has accused Cabinet Secretary for Rural Affairs
Richard Lochhead of putting the future of those farmers at risk because of his
"dithering" and the "inability of his department to put in place a new computer
system to process the payments on time".

Payments under the new Basic Payment Scheme (BPS) are to be made in two
instalments of 70 per cent and 30 per cent with only a quarter of farmers set to
receive the first instalment by the end of December.

The remaining 75 per cent of farmers could be waiting until the end of March
before they see their first payment with the final instalment to be delivered to
all by the end of April.

Dr Murray said: "Farmers across this region have experienced a hard enough time
recently without having to put up with this dithering from the Scottish
Government as well.

"Many rely on these payments to keep their businesses going but now they're
faced with a lotterylike draw which could see their first instalment being
delayed until the end of March.

"Everyone knew that the EU support system was complicated but the design and
implementation of the Scottish Government's payments system has been a source of
worry for months now.

"The computer programme developed to process the payments has been plagued by
delays and should have been resolved long before now."

Dr Murray claimed that farmers are now in the "ridiculous position" of borrowing
money from banks until they receive the payments.

South of Scotland MSP Claudia Beamish was also critical of the payment scheme.

She said: "Farmers traditionally expect to receive their CAP Payment in December
and while I understand that CAP Reform has created some challenges, the delay in
payments will cause real cash-flow problems for many farmers. This just isn't
good enough. Farmers should not have to rely on loans to address the
Government's failure."

In a statement to the Scottish Parliament last Thursday, Mr Lochhead confirmed
that a new

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: helpline has been launched last week to help farmers get to grips with
the reformed Common Agricultural Policy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DGS


                           Copyright 2015 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Knoxville Journal-Express (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2012 Tuesday

Supervisors approve Attica-Pershing sewer applications

BYLINE: Steve Woodhouse, Knoxville Journal-Express, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Nov. 13--KNOXVILLE -- At a special meeting this afternoon, the Marion County
Board of Supervisors approved an application to the Iowa Economic Development
Authority's Water and Sewer Fund to cover the costs of installing a new sewer
system to serve the unincorporated areas of Attica and Pershing.

Discussion of this project has been ongoing for years. Funding sought totals
$3,545,500. Of that, $300,000 is expected to come through a Community
Development Block Grant.

Marion County's role in this endeavor is that of a "pass-through" organization,
through with the money will flow. Central Iowa Water Association is working with
the state government on this project. CIWA's Kristie Wildung is facilitating the
project.

Wildung told the supervisors that funding, which will come from the United
States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development division, is expected to
come through. The announcement may be made in March.

Representatives from Attica and Pershing were present at the meeting. A
spokesperson said the communities have been clearing ditches and making other
preparations for the project. Marion County Environmental Health Director Cory
Frank said the plan includes arrangements that will accommodate growth in the
future.

This separate meeting was part of a full day of actions and discussion by the
supervisors. The board's regular meeting was held this morning. Look for more on
that in the Nov. 16 Journal-Express.

The board also opened bids this afternoon for Lakeside Heights property it
acquired after the floods of 2010. Bids were received for $1,080 and $3,000.
Neither bidder was present at the bid opening, though bidding procedure
specified bidders should be present. If bidders attend a special meeting
scheduled for Wednesday, Nov. 14, at 11:30 a.m., the land will likely be awarded
at that time.

Marion County will also receive $79,000 from the Federal Emergency Management
Agency to recoup costs for the properties.

The supervisors will meet again Wednesday morning at 9 a.m. to canvass the
general election results.

___ (c)2012 The Knoxville Journal-Express (Knoxville, Iowa) Visit The Knoxville
Journal-Express (Knoxville, Iowa) at www.journalexpress.net Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121113-JW-Supervisors-approve-Attica-Pershing-sewer-applications-1113-20121113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JW


                    Copyright 2012 Knoxville Journal-Express


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Goshen News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Millrace weed, leak fixes discussed

BYLINE: Roger Schneider, Goshen News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 941 words


Nov. 14--Editor's note: This article contains a corrected amount for the
proposed assessment on millrace property owners. The original article said it
would be $20 per week. The actual number is $2 per week.

GOSHEN -- A lot of questions were asked at a public meeting Thursday night about
controlling weeds in the Goshen millrace, a historic waterway that once powered
city factories and is now a linear park.

Becky Hershberger, an employee with the Goshen Community Development Department,
explained to about 70 people at the meeting that weed growth in the millrace
this past summer was noticeably greater than in years past. She said one option
being considered for the future, and not before 2016, is to dose the millrace
with Sonar, a herbicide.

"If we do nothing, it will get worse, the weeds will take over..." she said.

For the five years prior to this year, the millrace water level had been lowered
each summer because of the various redevelopment projects that were underway
along the waterway, Hershberger said. As the millrace dried out, aquatic plants
were greatly reduced. But this summer the millrace was not drained and there was
a marked increase of aquatic weed growth, especially near the Madison Street
bridge.

Jim Donahoe, owner of Aquatic Weed Control in Goshen, said the problem weeds in
the millrace are coontail and duckweed. He said coontail can grow two inches a
day. According to Donahoe, both weeds are coming into the millrace from the dam
pond upstream and are getting unnatural doses of fertilizers due to human
activity, including agriculture runoff.

Donahoe said the millrace would need to have its flow stopped for about 45 days
for the herbicide to work well. And a fall and spring application might be
needed. The spring application would kill the coontail and duckweed and a fall
application would target cattails and other emergent-type plants along the
banks.

He said one application would cost about $10,000 because the herbicide is
expensive.

"We call it liquid gold," he said.

A woman in the audience said the issue involves more than just controlling the
millrace weeds with a herbicide.

"I don't see it returning to its original form until we control agriculture
runoff upstream," she said.

Another woman said she doesn't see the increased weed growth as a problem
because it provides homes for wildlife and fishes, which she enjoys watching.

"I watch so much wildlife," she said, "because they don't seem to be bothered by
the invasive weeds."

Other audience members suggested dredging the millrace to make it deeper and
increasing the flow of water.

City Engineer Dustin Sailor and parks department maintenance supervisor Rich
Kindle both said those options would endanger the banks.

"The level at which it runs now," Kindle said of the water, "is the maximum rate
because we want to preserve the banks."

Sailor said an engineering study on the millrace was conducted a few years ago
and it found the builders used the soil they dug up to create the banks by
piling it up. And the soil used was porous, Sailor said, which has led to the
banks being leak prone.

That study, according to Sailor, also said the sediments in the bottom of the
millrace should be left there because they are actually reinforcing the banks.

The leaks

Leaking banks along the millrace is a more immediate problem, Sailor said, and
it will cost a lot of money to fix them.

Sailor said a leak was discovered last summer at 1245 Wilson Ave. The leak is
being caused by the failure of a wooden box culvert that was placed in the
original bank to allow a creek to flow into the waterway when the millrace was
constructed in 1867-68. In the 1990s that culvert failed and grout was placed in
the hole. Now that patch is also failing.

"That leak will get even more severe," Sailor said because it is washing away
soil.

The Goshen Redevelopment Commission Wednesday set aside $500,000 to fix that one
leak.

Sailor said engineers will design a fix over the winter and it will likely
involve driving sheet piling into the bank.

Hershberger reminded the audience that the earlier engineering study also found
numerous leaks along the west side of the millrace, mostly in Shanklin Park. She
said one leak creates a stream that flows through the park department's
maintenance building.

Options to fix those leaks included driving metal sheet piling into the banks at
the cost of more than $5 million or cutting down all the trees along the bank
and re-sloping the bank to make it wider at a cost of $1.2 million.

"It is something we are going to have to address in the future," Hershberger
said of the many leaks.

Taxing property owners

Mayor Allan Kauffman, who has a house along the millrace, is in favor of having
financing for annual millrace maintenance come from property owners.

"We understand this is not a 'fix and it will go away,'" he said. "This is a
forever problem."

So, he suggested property owners do like the owners around the dam pond recently
did, and create an economic improvement district to tax themselves.

Kauffman said the tax would amount to about $2 per week per household and the
money raised would be controlled by a board of property owners.

"I think it is reasonable that we who live on the millrace contribute," he said.

Herschberger said the meeting was held to gather ideas and inform city residents
about the millrace problems. She urged people with questions to contact the
city's community development department staff.

Follow Roger's journalist page on Facebook or on Twitter @rschneider_TGN

___ (c)2014 the Goshen News (Goshen, Ind.) Visit the Goshen News (Goshen, Ind.)
at www.goshennews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141114-GW-Millrace-weed-leak-fixes-discussed-1114-20141114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GW


                           Copyright 2014 Goshen News


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday

Businesses in Penobscot, Waldo counties to receive $6.9M in USDA loans

BYLINE: Nick Sambides Jr. BDN Staff

LENGTH: 466 words


TOWNSHIP 1 RANGE 8, Maine -- In partnership with lender Katahdin Trust Co., two
rural Maine businesses will receive federally guaranteed loans totaling $6.9
million, officials said.


Amjosa Enterprises Inc. of Brooks will receive $2.6 million to refinance debt
and replace fuel pumps at its Brooks and Northport convenience stores. The money
will fund the construction of a seven-unit self-storage building on an existing
concrete foundation, in addition to two 20-unit self-storage buildings, at
Northport, U.S. Department of Agriculture State Director Virginia Manuel said.


Entrepreneur Matthew Polstein will refinance debt and add three cabins to his
Twin Pine Camps facility with a $4.3 million loan. It could create several new
jobs and lead to the expansion of the cross-country skiing trails at Twin Pines
and Polstein's associated business, New England Outdoor Center, which offers
snowmobiling, whitewater rafting and other outdoor recreation.


Polstein said he will create the Katahdin and Lincoln Lake's region's first
off-road mountain-biking facility next summer at New England Outdoor Center --
if the winter season is successful.


"It is an important and very helpful loan," Polstein said Saturday. "It
definitely reduces our cash flow burden for cash service. At the same time, it
allows us to expand, which is great for our business.


"We see tremendous room for growth for destination tourism and lodging in this
area and we are happy to meet that demand," he added. "Our sense of the
long-term prospects for this area, in spite of the difficult short-term
prospects, is that the long-term prospects are good."


Amjosa's owner did not immediately return a telephone message left Sunday at the
company's headquarters.


The loans will support 67 existing jobs at both Twin Pines and Amjosa. Two new
jobs will be created at Amjosa, Manuel said in a statement.


Manuel called the loans a "substantial investment in community economic
development.


"Investing in Maine businesses is key to creating and retaining rural jobs and
helps to create thriving rural economies," she said.


Polstein has been slowly expanding his Twin Pines site just outside Millinocket
on the road to Baxter State Park into an ecotourism resort on Millinocket Lake
that he valued at $65 million when construction began in 2008. The planned
Ktaadn Resorts includes a large hotel and several family lodges. It has been
stalled since the Great Recession of 2008-09 by a lack of big-ticket financing,
although business has increased significantly since 2011, he said.


Construction of Polstein's three new cabins has already begun in anticipation of
a successful loan application with the pouring of some concrete slabs. Work
should finish by the summer season, he said. The three new buildings will join
18 other cabins on the site.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Funds arranged to train pilots for the border

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; WASHINGTON BRIEFS; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 318 words


A spending bill for the Homeland Security Department includes $1.4 million for
computer-based training at the U.S. Customs National Aviation Center in Oklahoma
City, Rep. Ernest Istook said.

The money will be used to train pilots who patrol the U.S.-Mexican border and
was part of the enhanced border security funding aimed at stemming the flow of
illegal immigrants, said Istook, R-Warr Acres.

He said the center "can now use computer simulators to train pilots, like our
military does. This program also cuts down on aircraft expenses and allows
pilots to train for a tough job without the risk of accidents."

Rep. John Sullivan, R-Tulsa, who has been pushing for more immigration agents in
Oklahoma and more border patrol agents, said, "We absolutely must get control of
illegal immigration, and these new agents and resources will help to do just
that."

Inhofe proposes drilling at old fort

Sen. Jim Inhofe, R Tulsa, introduced legislation that would authorize oil and
gas drilling on the grounds of Fort Reno, near Anadarko in southwest Oklahoma.

Inhofe said money from developing oil and gas reserved on the nearly 7,000 acres
would be used to restore and maintain the historic site and to "pay down the
national debt."

"Fort Reno is an Oklahoma landmark in desperate need of reparation and
preservation to ensure its survival for future generations," Inhofe said. "This
legislation will provide a revenue neutral, non appropriated source of funding
adequate to restore the historical buildings of Fort Reno."

The land is the site of an agriculture research station funded by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Inhofe said the legislation is supported by state legislators, local
municipalities, the Chamber of Commerce, farm groups and the USDA.

Fort Reno was considered for a veterans cemetery several years ago, but leaders
of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes of Oklahoma, which once controlled the land,
opposed it.


LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2008 Friday

Aging water systems could get legislative attention

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


Aug. 22--VAIL -- A bill to provide funding for a backlog of capital improvements
in water systems is likely be introduced next year in the Legislature.

"We are trying to set up a revenue stream for water and wastewater projects,"
said state Rep. Kathleen Curry, D-Gunnison, chairwoman of the House Agriculture
Committee. "That's a significant discussion we need to have."

A report this week by the Colorado Municipal League shows the need for state
funding has increased since the summer of 2006, when the group first asked
lawmakers to address state water infrastructure needs.

There are now an estimated 292 drinking water projects estimated to cost $1
billion and 352 wastewater projects at $1.6 billion that need attention, the
group reported. Of those, 439 projects are needed for communities less than
5,000 in population and would require $750 million in funding.

The basic concept would be to tap into mineral severance funds to begin to
address a growing shortfall, Curry said. "We're really short on funds," Curry
said. "Small communities are facing compliance issues."

The improvements bill is one of several of concern to state lawmakers who spoke
to the Colorado Water Congress at its summer convention Thursday.

The legislative Water Resources Committee met the previous day and is likely to
put forward a handful of bills during the 2009 session, Curry said.

The mineral severance tax, which now funds many water programs, is the target of
Amendment 52 on this year's ballot.

Amendment 52 would cap money to the Department of Natural Resources, allowing
only increases that parallel inflation, and allocate the rest to a state
transportation fund.

Curry said that would erode ongoing programs like the water supply reserve
account, zebra mussel response and endangered species protection.

It also would restrict the state's ability to find large pots of money quickly,
as it was able to do in paying off costs to Kansas in the Arkansas River Compact
lawsuit in the U.S. Supreme Court.

"Arizona has set aside money for potential legal action on the Colorado River
Compact. We have to make sure we're ready," Curry said.

The severance tax is also being used to fund low-income energy assistance
grants, she added.

Among the most important bills from the 2008 session was one which gave the
Colorado Water Conservation Board $1 million to acquire in-stream flow rights,
said Sen. Jim Isgar, chairman of the Senate agriculture committee.

Isgar said the bill is important, but that the CWCB needs to remember that the
purpose of the in-stream rights is to use the minimum amount of water to
reasonably preserve the environment.

"Given the debate over how we quantify recreation, we struggle to not go down
the same path in considering how we improve and enhance environment," Isgar
cautioned.

Sen. Gail Schwartz, D-Snowmass Village, said her top concern in coming years
will be to deal with the effect of pine beetles, which have decimated 2 million
acres of forest, on watersheds. The removal of trees creates erosion issues for
watersheds. She said climate change could also have a lasting impact.

"It's time we had the ability to look at water issues long-term as we look
across the divide," said Schwartz, whose district includes 11 counties that
straddle the continental divide. "We have to look out 30 years, 50 years with
climate change. Water is a precious resource that is becoming more scarce."

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080822-PB-Aging-water-systems-could-get-legislative-attention-0822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2008 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                September 19, 1997, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Landowners trying to bar paddlers from Chattooga River fork;
Wired up: Developers put a cable across the river, but the U.S. government says
they can't keep anyone out.

BYLINE: John Harmon; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 06A

LENGTH: 569 words


Blairsville, Ga. ---For years the West Fork of the Chattooga River, a
picturesque stream that flows clear and cold out of the mountains of Rabun
County, has been a popular novice and beginner raft and canoe river.

Now paddlers must beware of more than just rapids and rocks.

Private developers have strung a steel cable across the West Fork, effectively
closing the river as it runs through their 230-acre parcel. Contending that
paddlers have littered and vandalized their property and expressing concerns of
accident liability, they have threatened boaters with criminal trespassing
warrants if they dare cross the wire.

The cable is stretched about 15 feet above the river and does not actually
impede the boaters. A sign hanging from it ominously says: "Survivors will be
prosecuted."

"If we catch anybody out there, we'll take them to jail," said property owner
Earl Lovell of Clarkesville. He bought the land with Scotty Fain of Hiawassee
for $ 1.5 million in late August. Lovell says they plan to build a golf course.
But the U.S. Forest Service says Lovell and Fain can't legally close the river.
Forest Service officials, who met with developers this week, have given them
"several days" to resolve the issue, says Forest Service District Ranger Dave
Jensen.

The West Fork is part of a congressionally designated National Wild and Scenic
River. The dispute does not affect the more famous mainstem of the Chattooga,
where outfitters guide paying customers downstream through some of the biggest
rapids in the South.

Virtually all the land along the West Fork and the main Chattooga is owned by
the federal government as National Forest in Georgia, South Carolina and North
Carolina. For years the Forest Service has attempted to buy the parcel in
question.

"The government's position is that the public has the right to use the river,"
says John Ebersole, a senior attorney for the U.S. Agriculture Department's
Office of General Counsel. "Conversely, they have no right to keep people from
using it."

In the meantime, the Forest Service urges boaters to stay off the river where it
flows through the disputed tract until an agreement can be reached with the
landowners.

"We might be able to address some of their concerns about littering and use of
their dry-land property, but the river has to be open," Ebersole said.

Jensen says the Forest Service is continuing to negotiate both an end to the
attempt to close that piece of the river and the possibility of eventually
acquiring the property. He said the developers have expressed an interest in
either selling the land to the Forest Service or exchanging it for other
National Forest lands elsewhere in North Georgia, a process that is allowed by
law and has been used in the past to obtain environmentally critical parcels.

The executive director of the Chattooga River Watershed Coalition contends that
the developers are merely trying to pressure the Forest Service to make a deal.

"It's a pure stunt to get the public riled up in hope that the public will
demand that the government go in there and buy them out at their price," said
the executive director, Buzz Williams. "These are unscrupulous developers that
are holding this piece of land hostage to make money."

Lovell doesn't deny that he hopes to make a profit from the land. "I don't buy
land for nothing. I buy land to make money," Lovell said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              June 14, 2010 Monday

Euro crisis may trigger more capital flows into India: RBI

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


umbai, June 14 -- The country is likely to witness more inward capital flows as
investors may find the Indian market an attractive destination, especially in
the backdrop of uncertain global markets, a top Reserve Bank official said on
Saturday.

"Money probably tries to come to places where it gets better returns. So from
the point of view of capital flows, you do have the likelihood of more
uncertainty in the rest of the world and therefore more money coming to India,"
RBI Deputy Governor, Usha Thorat told reporters here.

Foreign Institutional Investors have so far invested around USD5 billion in the
domestic share market as against a total investment of USD17.45 billion in 2009.

Policymakers, worldwide, are watching the developments associated with the Euro
Zone crisis, which broke out after Greece nearly defaulted on public debts and
some of its neighbouring economies face similar issues.

To avert the crisis deepening, Euro zone countries and

International Monetary Fund formed a USD one trillion rescue package to bail out
Greece. The Reserve Bank, on its way of unwinding the monetary stimulus, is in a
dilemma of hiking the policy rates next month to facilitate the exit while the
recovery is still nascent.

Noting that India is getting increasingly integrated to the global economy,
Thorat said this makes the nation less immune to the developments happening
abroad although "there is immediate negative impact on India (because of the
crisis)."

Thorat said the growth in developing countries like India and China has been
good, backed by recovery in industry and services sectors although the country's
agriculture output is yet to pick up.

Replying to a query, Thorat added that Indian banks have a healthy asset quality
and "there is nothing to worry."

Many banks, including the country's largest, State Bank, had witnessed a rise in
their bad loan levels after the financial downturn impacted the ability of
customers to repay loans.

The RBI, which is slated to announce its quarterly review of the annual monetary
policy on July 27, is widely expected to hike its short-term lending and
borrowing rates (repo and reverse repo) by 0.25 percent but to leave the
mandatory cash reserve ratio untouched as cash conditions are tight Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on
news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

IN RESTORING EVERGLADES, LAKE AND BEACHES, LET NATURE RULE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 420 words


We have recently received the news that the cost of Everglades restoration may
increase to $20billion ("Everglades restoration delays boost cost estimate $5
billion," July 3). But the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan process is
not working.

The problem is that the South Florida Water Management District has avoided
using natural hydrologic processes such as sheet flow in the Everglades
Agricultural Area. Too much money is being spent on reservoirs, dikes, canals
and pumps. Money could be better spent purchasing more land in the EAA and
re-creating the original sheet flow and filtering sawgrass wetlands that
originally produced the clean water that supported the Everglades. Money also
needs to be spent removing those impediments to the natural gravitational pull
of the water south. This would re-create the "River of Grass," which Marjory
Stoneman Douglas described in her epic book.

Yes, it is true that Lake Okeechobee's waters are polluted because agricultural
interests in the area have over-fertilized and livestock operations north of the
lake have dumped waste into the system, but these problems can be solved through
organic farming and careful filtering of water before it is placed into the
lake. We also must prevent large development from occurring around the lake.

To preserve the natural processes, there can be no back-pumping of water from
the EAA into Lake Okeechobee. We need to build more extensive stormwater
treatment areas than are currently planned. Let's put the money into new ones
rather than expensive reservoirs with expensive pumping systems. Permit the land
to flood and recede naturally. Remove impediments to the flow of water, and
build the 11-mile skyway to open up Shark River Slough.

We also need to create natural sand systems for our beaches. We need to stop
putting sand on beaches and let the beaches naturally renourish themselves.
Right now, we are killing the next generation of sea turtles by burying and
moving nests.

Beach armoring also is destroying the beaches. Too many buildings have been and
still are being built on unstable dune systems, blocking the natural
renourishment from the dunes. We must compensate for the inlets with sand bypass
systems. Once these are established, the sand then will naturally cycle through
the system and preserve the beaches.

Nature knows how to manage these systems, so let's put nature back in the
driver's seat.

DREW MARTIN,conservation chairman and co-chairman, Everglades Committee

Loxahatchee Group, Sierra Club

Lake Worth

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                          December 29, 2004 Wednesday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

Sales tax funds on county's wish list Officials to meet with legislators

BYLINE: NICOLE SERVICE - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 370  words

DATELINE: BUNNELL


BUNNELL Flagler County officials have a whole new legislative wish list, and
topping it is a $1.9 million funding issue. County Administrator David Haas said
Flagler County stands to lose $1.9 million if it can't get the state Legislature
to support a threshold increase for its emergency sales tax money. The $1.9
million accounts for 5 percent of the county's general fund budget.

The money is restricted to counties with a population of 65,000 or less, and
Flagler County, with its rapid growth, has a population of 69,832. County
officials would like that threshold increased to 75,000 with a three-year
phase-out period. "We have a lot of support from everyone that understands the
issue," Haas said. "This is a big issue and could have a huge impact on Flagler
County. If we are unsuccessful we are going to lose nearly $2 million, and
that's where we are going to have to put the most effort." He said without that
funding officials would have to cut their budget or raise taxes. "Commissioners
don't want to raise taxes," Haas said. Another big money issue for the county is
funding for the renovation and improvements of the newly acquired Ocean City
Utility, now known as Flagler County Utilities. Officials are asking $75,000
from the St. Johns Water Management District to help reduce the flow of surface
water into the Intracoastal Waterway. They are also seeking a total of $3.3
million from the Department of Environmental Protection $1 million for the
demolition and construction of the plant and $2.3 for the construction of a
250,000-gallon a day sewer plant, reclaimed water system and improvements to the
water plant. Other items on the county wish list include a $1 million request to
the Department of Agriculture for a multipurpose arena, and opposition to the
legislation that would transfer any of the operational and service
responsibilities of the state's department of Juvenile Justice to the counties.
County officials will present their wish list to the county's legislative
delegation on Jan. 19. The delegation composed of Sens. Jim King and Anthony
Hill and state Reps. Bill Proctor and Pat Patterson will meet inside the County
Commission chambers at the courthouse between 2 and 4 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              July 13, 2009 Monday
                                   e1 Edition

Bad debt threatens Land Bank's survival

BYLINE: Donwald Pressly

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 613 words


The embattled state-owned Land Bank has already repossessed 25 farms around the
country, of which six are black-owned properties, used as collateral against
farm loans. The rest of the farmsteads had belonged to white commercial farmers.

Parliament's agriculture, fisheries and forestry committee has called on the
government to forge ways of saving a further 350 black emergent farmers who are
in trouble and are costing the Land Bank about R100 million a month - or R1.2
billion a year - on loan defaults. The bank has warned that this is
unsustainable.

Bank spokesman Musa Mchunu said three of the repossessed black-owned farms were
in the Tzaneen area of Limpopo and one was in the Vryheid district in
KwaZulu-Natal.

The so-called Gugulethu farmers, a collective of black farmers from Gugulethu,
Cape Town, had defaulted on a fruit farm property in the Paarl district and the
sixth one, which was bonded against an urban housing property, was in the Port
Elizabeth area.

These farmers collectively owe the bank only about R5m but the remaining
defaulters owe the bank billions of rands. Non-performing loans have risen from
R1bn in 2004 to about R4bn.

Debt defaults had started to mount among "development farmers" - the bank's term
for black farmers - in recent years and the problems were exacerbated by a
moratorium on farm repossessions, which was in force until last year. The bank
is supposed to encourage black empowerment in agriculture.

Phakamani Hadebe, the chief executive of the Land Bank, warned MPs that the bank
would have to close within three years if debt defaults remained at these levels
as the bank had about R3.5bn in reserves.

A moratorium was placed on farm repossessions by the bank for several years but
this ban was lifted last July, when responsibility for the Land Bank moved from
the Agriculture and Land Affairs Department to the National Treasury.

Hadebe, Treasury's "Mr Fixit", was brought in by then finance minister Trevor
Manuel to turn the bank around.

Hadebe suggested that the political decision makers should advance more money
for development purposes and to cushion the bank against defaulting emerging
farmers, but Deputy Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene told the MPs that the
government was not in the business of providing bailouts for the bank.

But the government was sensitive to the plight faced by emerging farmers, Nene
said.

In the past year, the government has provided guarantees of R6bn and R700m has
been injected into the Land Bank to assist its cash flow.

Committee chairman Lulu Johnson said the government should consider reimposing a
moratorium on the sale of land.

Salamuddi Abram, an ANC MP who complained that he had seen "at least a dozen"
turnaround plans presented by the bank's management in recent years, said that
MPs had to be sensitive to the plight of emerging farmers.

He said that since the bank started in 1912, white farmers had been rewarded
with loans at low interest rates, had built up large farm holdings and grown
wealthy in this way. Ways had to be found to look after new black farmers, he
said.

Mchunu said the bank had undertaken a "rigorous" collection of debts, taken
various forms of legal action while it had negotiated with the agriculture
department and provincial governments to assist farmers in distress.

Mchunu said the bank did try to assist farmers in distress. For example, some
farmers serviced their loans at short intervals but others paid at longer
intervals, depending on the farming activity.

"As soon as the bank identifies an account in arrears, the account management
process kicks in and the bank contacts the farmer." Arrangements for
rescheduling debt were then negotiated, he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved
